10
March 8, 2026
Session Summary
The session began with technical glitches and player banter amid visions triggered by a crown. Astri (Elenia) relived her 10th birthday, her mother's abduction, a pure tiara, indoctrination lies, a drow mentor dosing her with River Lethe water causing amnesia, and glimpses of child Leora. The party reunited, shared visions of a stag-skulled cult leader resembling Darnuvir, then confronted Jeffrey and suspicious women (Aubrey, Valentine, Madeline) in a basement amid illusory fresh food over rotten village supplies. Charmed eating, a cursed note caused fainting and wriggling brain parasites. Hags revealed true forms (Night Hag, Green Hag, Sea Hag), summoned abomination (Sophia), illusions (multiple Nyx), caged Minerva illusion. Intense combat ensued with summons (stag), Dragon's Breath, Eldritch Blast, Chromatic Orb; hags offered shard for boons (memories, grimoire origins) but rejected. Hags defeated; rewards included Worm's Eye Amulet, Memory Lantern, grimoire page, essence vial, memory recovery, gray shawl. Sophia revived from abomination remains.
Timeline of Events
1. Technical issues and banter delay start. 2. Astri's solo vision: birthday tiara glows, mother abducted, child self separated, pure tiara in
void, drow mentor, River Lethe drink, Leora reflection. 3. Party shares visions: cult stag skull, leader like Darnuvir. 4. Enter Jeffrey's basement; illusory food charms party into gluttony. 5. Cursed note under table induces brain wriggles, fainting; Darnuvir sees patron. 6. Aubrey denies cage/jaguar/abomination; party suspects hags. 7. True forms revealed: hags taunt, demand shard from Darnuvir. 8. Combat: illusions (Nyx dupes), abomination wails/frightens, Minerva caged timer. 9. Leora arrives late; hags invisible, duplicate, summon nightmares. 10. Abomination slain revealing dead Sophia; hags slain amid chaos. 11. Rewards distributed; Sophia revived. 12. Session ends post-level up.
Page 1

Characters & NPCs
Jeffrey
Village chief Traumatized, sunken eyes, daughter Sophia ill/missing
Sophia
Jeffrey's daughter Turned into abomination, found dead/naked inside gooey remains
Madeline
Hag (coven member) Pretended concern, transformed during reveal
Aubrey
Night Hag Auburn-haired, genuine seeming, melted into true form
Valentine
Sea Hag Blue-haired, tongue twitch, flirty, melted into true form
Elenia's Mother
Sorceress Taken away on child's 10th birthday, fought captors killing many
Cloaked Drow Mentor
Sorcery teacher White hair, unfamiliar symbol on cloak, gave River Leffy drink
Locations
Void
Mental realm of visions and memories accessed in the brain
Page 2

Basement
Hidden room beneath the village house with table, crates, trap door cage, Jeffrey, and hags
Village
Half-dead settlement above basement with malnourished people, rotting food, and ghouls
Loot & Items
Wormin's Eye Amulet
Allows wearer to cast Find Familiar or Beast Sense on insects Looted from hags
Lantern fueled by memories
Cuts through magical fog and illusions (30 ft), aids insight Looted from hags
Missing page from Grimoire
Increases strength for Vale and Nix Looted from hags
Vial of essence
Boosts Warlock powers, deeper patron connection Looted from hags
Gray shawl
Tattered sparkly shawl, allows Chromatic Orb once per long rest (non-blue/red) Looted from Night Hag
Combat Encounters
Page 3

Encounter at Jeffrey's basement lair
Enemies: Night Hag, Green Hag, Sea Hag, Abomination (Sophie illusion) Outcome: Party victorious Loot: Wormin's Eye Amulet, Lantern fueled by memories, Missing Grimoire page, Vial of essence, Gray shawl
Encounter at Jeffrey's basement lair
Enemies: Illusory Nyx duplicates Outcome: Party identifies and defeats hag illusion

Memorable Quotes

"I'm gonna throw a water banana at her."

-- Astri

"Manipulate him to kill himself, bro. But like, I mean..."

-- Darnuvir

"I am the blindest! I can't see! I need to see you to talk, man!"

-- Vale

"Astri the biggest plot twist ever. Like imagine Elenia was a male but transitioned and all memories blocked."
-- Player

Next Steps

· Interrogate Jeffrey on village/hags. · Restore village supplies. · Investigate Astri's tiara/crown differences. · Probe Darnuvir's patron/shard connection. · Short rest/camp.

Page 4

Session Transcript
music! Can you guys hear it? Why is it not working? Music! Hello BusyBot? and the reference. This is a low-perkenually tough. Interesting proposition. Shut up to Sylvia. Oh, she got hell yeah. Let's go! Never speak again. Oh my god, I have university for Monday. This fucker is about... Melanie Martinez. Please, please. Anyways, let's ignore the music for now. So, Disturby are you there? Hang on. Oh, it's up. I will. I'm here. Okay. You are you drinking inside? No, I'm not. No, I said no, I'm not. Like as in no comma, I I'm here, she said. It's working, it's working, it's working, it's working. It's working. I'll play this one. Address the volume. He's just coming into the room asking for things. I see. I mean you're still at least listening. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, we can continue. Yeah, but Khabib is... He's gone. What is happening? What is happening? You see, this is the life that we're living. The life of the DM. Yeah. Now imagine if we had more players. If we had what? More players. Oh my god. Yeah. I don't think we can... Okay. Handle it. Okay. So you were transported into the void in your memory, in your brain and now you have the ability to see. And you were looking through a window Yeah, I saw some light, saw some woman by some light. Yeah, there was a woman celebrating the birthday of a child basically. Yeah. And you notice a familiarity when you look at the child. Difference moves you. Yes. And I want you to do a perception check. Perceive. Is he there? He's gone. He is nowhere to be seen. His body decayed into nothingness. No, Elena! No! I said his. Astri The biggest plot twist ever. Like imagine Elenia was a male but like transition and all the memories of being male. Astri Yeah that was just her mind Protecting her by blocking all the previous memories. Yeah, that would be something. Headcanon event. Ah yes. I only see me and Vale in the thing. You should reload. Astri I mean I literally just joined. Oh, um, that is weird. Astri I don't see Elenia. She gone. Let me move things about. Do you see them now? Astri I think she disconnects, Sheld. His laptop probably died. Yeah, it's so unfortunate. This is so funny. This is really the weirdest session ever. Yeah. It would keep disappearing. And this is like, I think that it is still recording, so it's just us yepping. Yeah, we'll tell it is to scrap it again. Oh my god. Did you laugh, don't die? No, mine not. Yeah. Did you do a steam download time? No, I mean I'm reinstating the game, it isn't dying now. Okay, so you're here? Yeah. Okay. Okay, so you are in... you're seeing this child that resembles you. Yes. Okay, and you see the woman also resembles you. Yes. What do you make of this situation? It's probably me from the past or something. Yeah, and how you're feeling seeing this part of yourself again. I mean, because you don't remember it. You notice that The woman goes towards a table and there is something on top of it. It looks like a tiara. And this tiara begins to faintly glow and you notice the crown on top of you, on your head, is also glowing. How do you feel? Nothing at the stand or anything. And the woman grabs the tiara and puts it on the child's head. And the child looks very excited because it's their 10th birthday. and she always wanted to be a princess. And you notice her mother smiling at her and pressing her cheeks. And you notice the moment around you begins to speed up As if time was moving in like 5 times speed, how do you feel looking at this? Just confused. Just confused? Anything else you'd like to add? No. I'm just confused on what's happening in her room. Okay. Bon Chalain! Yeah. I mean that's my entire game. Okay. Okay. You... You hear footsteps approaching the house as time begins to slow down again. And these footsteps approach the door of the house and they begin to knock. And after a few knocks, these people just barge in without waiting for The person to open the door. So they barge in and they take the mother of the child away. And they take the child somewhere else, like separating the child from its mother. Okay, and How do you feel seeing this part of yourself losing your mother? Angry. Like, where are they taking her and stuff. And what questions do you have in your head? Where are they taking her? Okay. And you notice that you see the mother going into Like being taken into a very different direction and you are being taken to the opposite direction. You see yourself crying and screaming for your mother and your tiara on your head falls down. And you see it as this memory suddenly fades and you are in the void again but you see the tiara in the void. What do you do? I'd just like to go towards the tiara. And what would you like to do with the tiara? Like pick it up or something. Okay. And? What else? So I want you to do a perception check. Okay, you notice that this Kiara is the same as yours that you're apparently wearing the crown you have on your head. Except this one is not contaminated by eyes. This one is just Normal silver tiara with red rubies on it. Oh,
Page 5

yes. Different from mine? Yeah. How do you feel about this tiara? I'm just confused. If it's me, then why is Astri different from the one I have? Yeah. And... Yeah. You feel the tiara in your hands and the memory shifts again and the tiara suddenly vanishes from your hands and you see yourself being told that your mother is dangerous and we had to send her away. And you hear these lies being spread by the people around you that your mother was the worst being so-and-so and you feel this How do I describe this? Basically you're seeing yourself believing these lies about your mother and you see your child's version talking bad about your mother to others. Yes. Do you want to do anything in this situation? I'm still confused what's happening. And do you think that there's any truth to what is being told? Your character that is. Like about your mother. No, I'm sure I'm a child, I'm being deceived. Do you remember how you felt about your mother even after the 100 year gap? No. Okay. And you notice that this child version meets a woman and this woman is cloaked. But from the figure you can tell this is most likely a lady. This cloaked lady approaches you and tells you that your mother is not inherently evil. She's not doing anything to harm the tavern cities where you come from. So as she tells you that, she says that she taught your mother everything. She knows like sorcery and stuff. And she thinks that you are ready to be taught as well. Got it. Yeah. And you see this memory fade again. Guardian? Yeah. And now you are pulled into the abyss again. But in the abyss you see two different pathways. One of them shows you What happened with your mother? It shows you your mother when she was being taken away. And this other pathway leads to what happened after this woman said she could teach you sorcery. The mother parts. Okay. So... You approach the pathway that leads to your mother's fate and you see that your mother began fighting the people as she was being taken away. You see her kill a lot of people feeling desperate to find her child again as she was being taken away from you. You see her... How do I say this? You see a hundred bodies scattered around and she like falls on the ground crying and saying your name. I know, I know. I mean, I just feel bad. Would you like to approach your mother? Yeah. Okay. As you approach your mother... I'm gonna throw a water banana at her. Okay? As you approach your mother, you feel this strange energy coming from her and your crown glows extremely vividly. You feel this pressure coming out of your mother and you are pushed back. I want you to do a strength check. Minus two bro, I'm dead. Oh wow! Okay, so you were... Well, guys, this is the end of the game in the playthrough. No. You are pushed back and you are taken into a different memory. And in this one, you see someone like this hooded figure that was that took you to the woman, basically. She took you in, she taught you, and it's been around 80 years since then. And you have lived with this woman your whole life, and she You treated her like a mother and you are at your peak in power being taught by her. But a time comes when you are sitting with her and suddenly she offers you a drink. I want you to do an Arcana check. Okay, with this you realize that the drink that she is offering you contains something from the house. This certain drink is from a river called River Leffy. I just type it on. And this is a canon thing that exists in B&A. So this specific... Liver levy. Yeah, liver levy. So this specific... I've heard of the gate. It's like... Yeah. It's like River of Forgetfulness itself. It's a Greek thingy. Greek mythology. Yes. Exactly. Right track. Is that how it's looking for everything? So this drink is...yeah, that's how you forget everything. At that time you didn't know what it was basically. So you drank it willingly because you trust your mentor and that is when you see yourself drink... You see yourself drink this drink Drink this drink! Yeah, you drink this drink, drink this drink, and you see yourself fall on the ground and there is water that's spilling everywhere. What do you want to do in this specific room and where you are? Like you see yourself like falling down and you see the cloaked figure. I mean I don't want to change the password. I'll let it happen. No, you can't change anything. This is just a memory. What do you want to do in this place? Think about it. You guys can give him ideas. I was half-witted. But like, what am I supposed to investigate? Everything's happening. You don't know the identity of the cloaked person, you don't know what's happening, where you are. Try to look closer at that. Can I peep into the cloak though? Peep into the cloak. Perceive. Perception. Where is her? Oh, hello. Okay. You are able to be the person under the cloak and they have... how do I say this... they are a drow and they have white hair and their cloak has a certain symbol on it that you are unfamiliar with Mama, have you listened to Luka? Oh my god. What did you do, Mama? My mom is sleeping. She was sleeping. Mama is sleeping in real life. What did you do now? Oh my god. What's the word? The symbol. Yeah, I was sending but it's like no dang. So I'll just send you that in a bit because I can't find it but like the symbol shows and as that happens you notice that the water that is spilled on the ground. In the water you see the image of Leora Asheville. Yeah, but this Leora is a child. So it's basically like a
Page 6

reflection. Why do you see Leora? Yeah. Why do you see Leora? Perception check. Never mind, I guess, so I do not want to perceive it. This is the symbol and I am hopefully on the right chat. Yes. Okay, so as you see the aura and your like your You get snapped out of the memory. Like the thing is if Leora was actually here this would actually make more sense but you know, desperate measures. You are no longer in the void and you Return to your body and you lose your sight again. What? What did I do? And a piece of your crown begins to shatter and fall down. What the hell? Yes. It's just a tiny face. A tiny face. Not my crown. Your sexy fucking crown. Exactly, not my crown. Okay, so you look at your surroundings and you see Darnuvir and Hale looking rather pale just like you as if the three of you experienced something. Now you guys can... And you're right there on the ground. Ah yes. What the fuck? I'm still recovering through whatever I witnessed in my visions. I won't lie to you all, everything I saw just made me even more confused. Wait, you also heard? You also went through something? I just got back, yes. What did you see? Did you have anyone with you or were you alone? I was alone and I saw my mom on my 10th birthday and my mom was taken away and then I- I think I disconnected at the worst fucking time possible. Didn't I? Yes I did. Fuck you. Oh my god. and Didn't it just die in another way? What the f***? Hi. She's creepy. What happened? Last thing I heard was Lenny telling that she saw her 10th birthday and then it died. Well, she just told us what happened in her vision. A cloaked figure, her mother taken away and some symbol? and Leora is a baby? Did we see a symbol in our visions? You only saw the cult of the people of the Earth? I saw the- oh wait, I didn't tell Dunivir about the Fox, right? The what? The leader and all when we separated. You have not. We can share our findings now. I can say what happened when Dunivir and I went into the whatever that was together. But there was a point where we separated and I think I saw the leader of the cult. And he looked awfully a lot like Dunivir. Same skin, Don. No, it was red. Oh, yeah, right. But the antlers were like yours. Yeah. Yeah. He sat at the head and there was- it was like a huge skull of a stag. Which is what I'm guessing they've been chanting about. And what did the dude say? Stag shall feed again. No, no, no, no, no. The deed is done, master. The deed is done. I like how you remember it. The cloaked figure came to him and that's what he said and then I got heated back. I think. That's when I saw it. I don't know if we are in a certain state but we won't talk about that. Yeah, let's not... I don't wanna... I wanna remember it again. Yeah, I guess I'm fine. You see in the corner Madeline is a bit confused about your conversation. Madeline, you can just ignore everything we're saying. Yeah, it's like code language. It's like what do we do every now and then. Madeline tells you that she is She was concerned, like she suddenly saw you and you were like... I don't know, it felt as though she felt uneasy being around you. It's fine, we're fine. Nothing. Yeah, nothing is happening. We're definitely not being traumatized or anything by our visions, but it's fine. Well if not, shall we go in and confront Jeffrey. Oh, of course, Epstein. The chief. Yeah, we are at Epstein Island. So how are you guys... How do you guys wanna do this? Should we just barge in and guns blazing, you know? Or do we...? I mean, they haven't noticed or have they? They don't see us. I don't. I'll unhide these people. Oh hi! Oh damn! So this is the guy, this is Jeffrey upstream. Yes, that's Jeffrey. That is Jeffrey. And the other two are what you perceive as Russian providers because they seem to be signing some sort of agreement. The rations have never reached the people. Oh, Elenia is already in the room. Are you guys going in? No, hold on. You want to prepare first? I'm just asking. Should we not... I think we should each drop on them first. Can we do that? What are they saying? Just listen in first. You want to? Okay. I want all of you to do a perception check. Oh my god! Oh someone got... Oh! Someone got a 20! Inspiration gained! I'll give you inspiration. Oh! Damn! And... Oh! I'll also give Alenia inspiration. And we just... Because you got a fucking 3! Anyways! Okay, so, Elenia and Vale, you hear the murmuring through the walls and they seem to be talking about Sophia. And she, like this woman, seems to be saying that we're doing everything we can and we'll make sure that she's and we'll try to make things better again. And you hear the cries of Jeffrey and you hear footsteps of the other lady and you hear it go closer to you but not towards you. It's towards The other side of the room. Oh. Yeah. Jeffrey is crying. Yeah. Okay. So, should we just go in or should we manipulate the environment to our advantage? How? Okay, manipulate. How would we do that? Obviously, you're manipulating. I need to remember what I can actually do. Manipulate him to kill himself, bro. But like... I mean... You think we should talk to them first or should we just... I'm very... We should... Oh no, we should... talk. Alright, then go ahead, Will. Go ahead! No! Elenia, you go ahead! You are the oldest! No! You are the wisest! I am the blindest! I am the blindest! Your blindness is blind! I can't see! I need to see you to talk, man! You can sense them! You have godly senses! No, no! Yes, yes, yes. They're
Page 7

acting up ever since I got back from my memories. Okay. Could I roll a dice to see who goes first? Initiation. Not initiation, just whoever steps in first. Alright. I'll roll a d4. What if Madeline goes? Let's go! Nobody can top this! I mean, bottom this! Lowest goes first! Yeah Lois goes first, right? Right DM? What? No! Noo! Noo! Noo! Actually, I listened to the majority and Darnover, you have to go. What? This is so unfair! It was their idea to talk, not mine! I'm definitely not biased. You are so biased. I said Metylene wasn't. Okay, okay, okay, okay Oh, the middle person is going in? Well, otherwise we're gonna be here for another 10 minutes. Okay, so... Well, as you go in, and Darno, we are following behind you. Since you both have sight, you both see that the things around you, there's like lots of food on the table, there's crates everywhere, but suddenly, like... What the fuck? Was that an illusion? Can I do another? as Elenia walks behind you. Since she cannot see, she begins to smell this pungent, disgusting odor which suddenly turns into something better, more aromatic. Oh my god, oh my god. Do you guys smell that? Um, smell what? Do you guys not smell that? I don't know, my nose is a bit clogged. I don't know. Anyway, it was very disgusting and now it smells good. The food was rotting and then it was okay again. Do you think there's, I don't know, an illusion on the food? Might be. Can I check if it's an illusion? No you cannot. Actually, you can do an Arcana check. I'll just see what happens. Where's my Arcana? Elenia notices that there is definitely something that is not That is not right in this certain area. No fucking way, they're so little you're at all three of us. The thing is, it's as if this is probably an illusion. Oh, probably! I rolled a nat 1 and became an 11 because of the first tenet. Goddamn! Twenty and one in same version by the way. Okay, there is something weird as hell going on. And you notice that the blue haired lady approaches you with a rather flaunting attitude as if they're walking very girlishly if that makes any sense. Yeah, and they My Ma isn't expecting any visitors. Who are you? I mean, we weren't expecting a basement either, but here we are. We kind of sat down. You sure like to joke, I see. Well, apparently we're in a very dire situation, so I don't think this is quite the moment for joking around. And who might you be? That's not very important. Go ahead. What is happening over here? I'm not sure what you're talking about there. We fell down. We found a girl that was tied up and now we're here in a town that was half dead. A girl that was tied up? Found half dead? That doesn't quite sound right, does it? I'm helping Jeffrey out. We brought him a lot of food and rations to help him out. And as she says that, you notice the the albanyard lady comes towards a whale. And this lady like tries to grab your arms and like touches He catches your body and says, this one's rather exquisite, doesn't he? Hold on, pull back, don't touch me! Are you perhaps a cannibal or something? What do you mean by that? The way you were eyeing him up? Nonsense! It's just, he seems so... Oh my god, where's Boris? Boris will not let me... Oh, and you, young lady. I mean, you look rather young. Like, and she approaches Elenia. Lesbo, Elenia. Why are you going on? Even though we all know Elenia is like probably 200 plus. Yeah. Elves, you know, Elves are different. Yeah. And she approaches Elenia and like, might I know your name, darling? Why is Jeffrey so silent over there? Well, Jeffrey seems to be going through a rather Loss you see. His daughter is a bit sick. And what about his village? His village? Yeah, the one he's been neglecting. Neglecting? My my. He wouldn't do such a thing, would he? How about you ask him? Hold on. You're going out touching everyone, can you take some back? What can a woman admire? You know? No! Intimidation! Intimidate her with your eyes, Will! Just look at her! I don't- I know, I don't have a lot of intimidation. I don't have any. She walks- she like goes towards Eleni again and looks at her crown and points out that Your crown looks rather lovely darling. Where'd you get it? She's got sticky fingers. I know a kleptomaniac when I see one. Alenia, are you there? What do you want me to say to this bro? What, you're just gonna say silent? Yeah, I mean that suits her. That suits Alenia. No, I won't allow it. As a DM, I command you to speak. What do you want me to say here, bro? Anything! I'm kinda just dissing him. Can we stay like six feet apart from each other? Six feet apart? You lot are no fun! Oh my god. And she like walks back. Oh god. Well, pardon us for being suspicious, but this setting is... A bit, I don't know, it's giving me kidnapping vibes. And you see Madeline walks behind you and she hides herself behind Bernevere and tells you that they're lying. You see, Jeffrey Jeffrey's been doing such horrible things here. We would like to talk to Jeffrey. You see, Jeffrey has this rather laid back, his eyes are sunken, he looks rather pale, and he feels like he is going through this immense trauma. Yeah, it's a bit sus. Can we... Can we snap Jeffrey out of his trans or something? We're kind of... The two women are in between us aren't they? Can you find a woman? Can you find a woman? Well... Darling look... And it's the Auburn girl talking. Since you're here... Why not? Take a seat. Enjoy yourselves. You don't have to eat. But like, if you're here anyways, you
Page 8

know, might as well rest. You guys look like you haven't eaten anything for days. Yeah, all we see is rotten food everywhere in this village, so... What is with that? Rotten food? Darling, there's no such thing. We made sure to give you the most fresh food possible. What about the people dying outside like they're malnourished? Or something? They haven't gotten food for years or something. And the ghouls. What the fuck is happening with those? I feel like there's a bit of a misunderstanding. Perhaps you're seeing things? Are you okay? Seeing things, little lady. If you don't tell me whatever is happening, I will make you see things next. Do an accommodation check. No! Oh, you said a little thing. Stop teasing. I did not mean it in that way. I was about to get a natural 29. I'll do it for you bro. You have to say something. You have to say something. Oh fuck, nevermind, I won't say anything. Okay, hold on. Wave it to you. I'm not an intimidating girl. Your eyes. Your eyes are attributed. Go on, try your luck. Through eyes. Through eyes, glare down at her. Okay, what do you want to do, Will? I'm not struggling because I feel like I'm going insane. Hold on. I'm being gaslit right now. No, hold on. You guys are not giving fresh food. You guys are giving rotten food. What is happening? People are dying up there and you're going to tell me. I... If... If... No! I'm not seeing things! If you think that, I can let you look at our food in more depth. Like, I don't mind. You can look at my tea. You can look at the food. You can... I'll give you some and you can see whether or not you trust us. I don't! There's definitely an elusive spell on them. Either that or they're poisoned from the inside. Are you sure? Like why would we poison you? You literally just came. You have no idea who you are. Not specifically. Because you're like clearly you're evil. Okay. What happened to you? Hold on. Hold on. What do you mean? What part of this pod looks evil to you, darling? Everything about you? It's in a basement of a creepy house with like a jillion doors. A jillion doors? No, there's only three, darling. What? Okay, listen. What happened to Sophia? Oh yeah well, she is rather ill. We've kept her safe, making sure she recovers. You see, Jeffrey is like extremely worried. We're trying to help him cope. Oh, okay. But why in a dungeon? This is not a dungeon. This is just... This is just a basement where we keep our supplies and be given to the village. The village is dying! You've been given plenty to the village from what I see. I don't know about that girl. Girl? Okay. Wait, did I assume wrong? Did I what? Did I assume wrong? Are you? Are you? What do you think? I know right? But this is not a sleepover. This is not a sleepover. We are talking about shawls and our names or whatever. Feel free to do whatever you like and you can leave us be if this concerns you. You can leave the village if you want. No. I mean, she's not wrong. But like, no, but Madeline... I'm worried about that girl. What if she's a hag? I whisper to Eleni and I will. Probably is. Um, somebody do some check on the thing. I want you to do... First, I want you to do a stealth check. Oh my god. I didn't whisper anything. Darnovir successfully is able to say that without being caught. And the girl replies, what are you both muttering about? Tell me. Oh nothing, nothing. Just that your drip is kinda cool. So that's what we are muttering about. Oh my god, thank you. Oh my god. That was sarcasm by the way. She said it out loud. Yes, I did. I said it to her face. You lot need to take better friends, because what is going on with her? I was just speaking my friends mind. My friends? Oh my god, and then you're like, let's not drag me under the bus. I succeeded that stealth check, okay? Can I do it inside? Yeah, can I do it inside? Yeah. Where the hell is my inside? What exactly do you want to do inside second? I'll just tell you, insight means that you are able to see, understand the characters' movements and how you interpret them. I just want to see if she's being genuine when she's saying stuff like that the food's fine and shit like that. Yeah, sure, you can do that. Insight role. Oh my! Okay. You really wanted to know her? Yes. Well, you look at the woman, the auburn hair lady, and she seems to be genuine. But the woman on her back, the blue haired lady, has a strange twitching on her tongue. Strange twitching on her tongue. Oh. I don't like that. Okay. Well, um, okay, listen. We'll take up the offer. We'll go check out the table. If you don't mind. Alright. Finally, does it take I have forever to convince you to do anything. Would you...well you still haven't told us your name. My name is Aubrey and she is Valentine. Okay nice to meet you both. Because I just made the name up. What happened in the inside check? So, the woman in front of us, her name is Aubrey, she is being genuine but the girl behind her, Valentine, has a weird twitching on her tongue. And that kind of grossed me out. So, I just told Aubrey that we'll just go ahead and check out the tables since I just want to kind of get away from her. Okay. Did you not ask about the way to change? Like why is your friend a bit... You can talk to her, I'm just gonna check. Would you like to say that? Yeah, like your friend she's a bit anxious over there. Well... Don't mind her, she's been going through a lot lately as well. And... He's been the one trying to figure out the cure to save his
Page 9

daughter and it's not seem to be working at World Wars of now. What in this is so fake? Can we see the directors? Yes you can. I don't think we even saw Madeline or Dead Weehan drummer. Yeah Madeline is in the... Madeline's in the NBC season I think. Yeah Madeline's in the... Oh yeah she is here. Oh yeah she is here. NPC, Albus Puts. And... This is Aubrey. I don't have the image for the other one. Oh, she's a pirate. No, no, no, no. Like a merchant with maps, I guess. And potion. Can we not just go to Jeffrey and like try to talk to him? You may try. Call your dinner there. I asked. Listen, I entered the room first. I wanna just check out the table. Is there any more weird shit happening with it? I guess the last one is so old bro. Do you want an investigation channel? I walk over to Jeffrey and ask him, Hello Jeffrey, are you there? Are you lost? You see that his hands are covering his eyes and you hear sudden crying from the distance and as you approach him, he doesn't seem to notice you. I got 22 or an 18 plus 22 So, with your investigation, you see that the food does seem rather genuine. Huh? Seems what? Like, as you like, as you like, as you like, catch the food, it is, and it smells genuine, it feels genuine. I'm very tempted to take a bite. Yeah, I was gonna say that. I was gonna say that. I saw HF2, 3 bro. Can I do a backflip bro? No. Okay. I mean if it actually is rotten then I'll just... it might give you poison damage or something. I don't know. Nature check. Will that help? You might be interested. Nature? That's a very interesting question. Does anyone have to detect magic or something? I actually don't know if I do a might but I don't know. Darkness, Phantasm, blah blah blah. Okay you can do a nature check. Oh I can do a nature check, okay. Are you gonna do it? The ingredients also seem rather fine. Like, they are genuine. What the fuck? Am I going crazy? What are you trying to do? Time to take a bite! Go ahead, Dunilir. Hold on... Let me give you guys some tea first. Nature check on the tea, nature check on the tea. She approaches with the tea and the tea looks rather delicious actually. So, who wants to drink the tea? Obviously, obviously don't wear. What? Obviously me? What do you take me for? You think I am immune to I don't know if it's really poison then I'm f***ed. I mean if you're really poison then we lose anything. What? I like how those two would be just arguing and we're just having a crisis. Alright, I will, since I'm no coward like Elenia over here, I will take a sip from the tea, elegantly. You take a sip from the tea, and I want you to do a Winston saving throw. If she fails, he's poisoned, let's go! This tea is the most delicious tea you've What? Why did you make me do this wisdom saving? What the fuck? I'm not gonna tell you. It's delicious, regardless. Bro, I don't know about this. The poison does not have any effect on you. Did I fail or did I succeed? That's none of your business. You've succeeded obviously, that's why you like the tea you brought. No, but it was so short the way he said it. It was the most delicious tea you ever had. No, there has to be something more. Then fail the wisdom check again. Do another sip and fail it. No, no, no. Do another one. No, you don't have to do it. It's still the most delicious tea you've ever had. You know what, I'll take a sip as well. Hold up. I'm about to get poisoned. Where is wisdom? Saving throw! Saving throw! There it goes. Oh yeah, now I'm getting poisoned. Let's go! Let's see what's going on. You did a wisdom check! How do you do a save, bro? Saving throw is like right under the- Oh, there it is. Boom. Oh yeah, now I'm getting poisoned, go on. Say, marry you! I love how nothing changed! So, you also think this is quite a fine taste for you even though you've lived 200 years plus. Oh my god, yeah, this is- we are failing. We are definitely failing. It's your turn. I'm not gonna drink the tea. I'm gonna take a cautious bite of the food. Oh, that's even worse. Do I have to know what you're saying now? Uh, yes. I'm scared. Oh shit. Oh. You, as you like chew on this food, it's so like, the meat is so juicy, so divine. It's like melting in your mouth like it's... Let me try the food as well. I'm going... Bro, I think, I think, I think this is like, I don't know, this food has some charm on it and it's making us gluttonous or something. The way it's, you know, tasting or whatever. The way my tea is tasting. Like, I can't stop... How on! Can you like give that a break? Like, I'm just trying to be nice and you keep, you know, insulting me like that. Then why did the DM make me do a wisdom saving throw? Look, there are so many things to be worried about and all you can think about is this... speak. Yes. I saw you enjoy it. I saw you like it. Because it's charmed, you fucking moron. Oh my god. I'm... I'm going crazy. Bro, again? As you bite this meat, Amelia, there's nothing you've ever tasted before and you just keep chewing and chewing and chewing. Okay, don't ever give me that tea. What is happening? You guys are just eating. Hold up. Pause. And as Dernabue hangs this tea, you notice that they begin to drink the whole puff. What the f***? You are trolling us right now. I'm not trolling you. You drink the whole thing. What is the point of the wisdom? That is none of your business. Okay, I'm gonna keep eating and then I fail miserably and then this guy will go. Oh, I failed. No, Elenia. This is not... Elenia, you... You feel
Page 10

this desire to eat more of what's on the table. Oh my god! I told you this is making us gluttonous. Can I put my food down? I need you to do another wisdom saving food to stop yourself from eating more food. Do I have to as well? You only chewed once, right? Yeah, I didn't do anything after once. There is wisdom. There is. I can't see it. I can't see what I got at all 14. Okay. And unfortunately, you began to eat the rest of it. What do you mean unfortunately? You didn't want to eat it, so I'm like, unfortunately, you have to eat it. I'm putting my food down. We...stop. Elenia has been jammed. She's devouring that food like she hasn't even- I got a fucking 14 bro and there's still a fail. What do you have? I don't know. What is happening? I got another 14 I guess. How about you join us over here? What was her name? Valentine? Aubrey, come join us in this wonderful feast that we are having right now. And she's also charmed? What do you mean you can stop eating? 19 No, you finished the whole table. What the fuck? I already did, so that's what you meant. Oh, what's this? Can I look at what this is? There's a trap door. The room you're currently in has this cage and inside is this jaguar and it seems to be rotating around the cage. and meowing. Hi! Oh, is it friendly? And you may try to find that out if you want. I have plus to one animal handling but I'm scared to put it through. Same. What do you want to do? Oh, we can try giving him some of our food. Not the one from the table, our ration. Our ration, okay? Our...the one we bought with us. Ration. Ration, yes. Our ration. Our ration. Do you want to give it your ration? Yeah. Okay. Do animal handling. Oh, please. I'll do all of this. Oh. Oh? Damn. As you... Both of you give it food. It behaves rather weirdly. Its tongue is drooling out and it's like looking at the food and it's looking at it very diligently. Usually you would expect a jaguar to just eat the food but this one is rather weird. I don't speak with animals. You do? Hold on, let me see. I should! Oh no, I don't. Anybody, anybody, somebody had some locket that would speak with animals, no? No, they speak with that. What about a scroll? No. Why do I not have to speak with animals? I remember getting it. You did use it in the one shot, but not. Yeah, but I had it here too. I remember using it. Can we have to... No, no, you not disintegrate the Jaguar. Do not. Can we, can we, can we like... Can Nyx not talk to her? Do her insult. Oh. Nyx approaches the Jaguar, but you see Nyx is rather frightened. You see how The stomach begins to go up and the tail begins to sprout. Can we do an inside? Try to see what is going on in the Jaguar's mind. You can't see what's going on inside the mind, but you can start doing inside. Never mind, fuck that. Why are we getting the safe road? Let me go. Okay. Okay. Eleniya's sense is that this jaguar behaves rather weirdly and like the way it rotates around the cage, its footsteps don't align with that of which a jaguar would, I guess. And it's like moving, it's moving Like you know how cats move one step at a time? This is moving like two... like both feet are moving in front if that makes sense. Can I do an Arcana check? Can I see if there's magic involved? You think this is a Doid? I think this is someone turned into an animal. Yeah, I'm getting the same. Oh damn. Oh damn. You notice that the only thing magical here is the cage. Can I get more out of it? Maybe if we get the guy out of the cage, we'll un... How do we get him out of cage is magical. Oh right. Fuck you, Dunia. Ah ha, sure. Fuck you too, Eladia. Can I look on what's on the table first? Okay, you see the table it has parchments that have logs of rations on them. Like it's all the logs saying like what food has been brought in etc etc. But I want you to do Uh, I'm not- Investigation check. Okay... Investigating... Oh f**k... Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! And get another inspiration! Elenia thought you were blind! I can see more than you though. Uh huh. Naniya, you find a note that you feel like as you're touching the table, you feel it under the table. This note is like latched inside the woodwork and you grab it out and unfortunately you can't read what it says so you might have to give it some of it. What language? What language? Yeah, he's blind, Norman. I can't fucking read. I take it and read what it says. Okay, as you look at the note, you feel like the words on it don't feel as though they make sense to you. They feel rather uncanny. and you feel this strange feeling inside your gut like you're submitting to something. You feel this terror in your head and you're unable to make of what is being said on the note. Oh, I am going crazy. You think it's cursed or something if you say the words out loud it will curse you or something? Can I put it down? Can we at least, what does it even say other than you know, whatever you said? That's for you to find out. Unfortunately, Vale couldn't understand. No saving throw now, nothing? No. I put it down. I can't. I'm gonna go inside. Can I try? Can I first check if it has something? Can you not do like an Arcana or something? Yeah. You can. I have minus one Arcana so... I can do an Arcana. I have a plus four. I have a plus ten! Oh, yeah you do. Oh god! This feels like maybe there's magic involved but there's probably something deeper to it. Deeper? Astri Jack. We can't really take it to Aubrey and ask her what it's about. It'll be a bit suspicious. Insight?
Page 11

Insight on art? on the... Oh no, Perceptions are not identified. Unfortunately that won't do anything. Oh, fuck you bro. Performance check, do a backflip. My performance? Do a performance check? Okay. Backflip. Oh hell yeah. Excuse me. What are you performing exactly? A backflip. I... Okay, maybe I try to like I read the words and like how you read poetry. How you read poetry. Oh my gosh. You would pop up with like eloquently, you know, I read the words. Does it work, Ian? What is happening? He's silent. He's silent. Anyways, so all of you feel this weird tingling in your head. I was not listening, sorry. All of you feel this tingling sensation in your head. Like a wriggling... Like there's like something wriggling inside you and this constant fear that's developing in all of you. And for some reason, Dernavir's golden accents around them is like glowing very vividly for some reason. What? And Vale's Grimoire is glowing and Alenia's Crown is glowing. And uh... Is this a good performance? Okay. So... you... all of you do a constitution saving throw. Oh shiit, I'm dead. I'm dead. Oh nevermind! I don't know if that counts. Oh my f**king god! I'm f**ked! Astri I'm safe. Goodbye Dunivir. Goodbye Dunivir. Both of you see Dunivir's paint in front of you. Shit! F**k! I catch him! Oh no, I catch him for the fall, what the f**k! What the f**k? Just like that? Just like that? Not again! And on the ground I whispered that's where I told her to do a backslip and the door started reading. And Alenia and Vail do another concert. Oh my god! Why? This wriggling sensation begins to develop again. Oh my god! I feel like we are gonna get kidnapped. I have a feeling. Okay. Get it out. Can I slam my head against someone? Yes, you made it. And you see Durnavir have this weird motion as they are moving from one side to another and shaking. They're shaking what my ass? They're shaking and they're sweating profusely. Can we do anything? I can, I can, I can, I think I have a chilling, chilling breath bro for you. Why would you want to do that? Shut the fuck up. I don't have a chilling breath, we'll, we'll, we'll dragon breath away bro. Oh my, hello? I'm, I'm, the point is not to kill me, you know? Snowball swarm. What is happening? Do a rain shower or something? I don't have any water. Ray of frost. That's not... I mean... This is all happening while other people are watching us. Alenia and Vale notice that the others are comforting Jeffrey. and Aubrey is on the other side making more tea. What the fuck is happening? Can I do some saving throw or am I done for? Not for right now. Aubrey hears this sound coming from the other side and approaches you. My my, what is happening here? We would like to- We would like to for the same thing, this day collapsed. Shake the end of your shoulders. I'm getting PTSD bro. You can? I guess? Nothing happens? Yeah, I know nothing's gonna happen but... It's like the second time I've fainted in this episode. And Will's panic over it. Yeah. And you notice Aubrey comes towards Renevier and tries to put their hand on their forehead to see if they are okay. And Aubrey tells you that it seems they have a high temperature. Can you tell me what happened? What were you two doing here? I...we were...okay... Did I... Investigating? Yeah, we were looking around. Umm... I don't wanna tell her that we were reading the papers. Umm...well...why were you looking around? Because you told us to... You said because... Well, yeah, but this is a bit odd. What happened here? She failed a backflip. She failed a backflip. Well, I don't see how a backflip can cause a fever like this one. Yeah, they landed on their head directly. Oh my god. Okay, um... 50-50 do it in a... You sure you guys don't wanna tell her? I feel like she might be able to help even though I don't even know. Okay, it's your funeral. They were reading off of this and then they went... Boom. Boom. They went in, okay? What the fuck is it? Oh fuck! This might genuinely make Will question his mental state by the way. I can't see what I got. Oh my god! He also got an 8! Sorry, I'd like to help you but I don't see this note of yours. Do a perception check, quick! No, there was a note that they were reading and then... What the hell? What? All we have here is the audit logs from the inventory. I don't see what could possibly do this. Guys, you guys are forgetting something else. The cage. Oh the cage, the jaguar. Oh yeah, the cage, yeah. But that's not important right now, you're cursed. I feel like I'm gone gone. You're fainted, it's fine, you'll make up. If only this Bo's ordered a backflip instead of reading. Shut up, Elenia. You are a fan bitch. Shut the fuck up. You don't have balls to do things. I do. Alenia, stop arguing with the unconscious. I have a bonus too. I'm unconscious. Stop talking to me. Hold on. Wait. No, there was a note. Alenia, do you want to do another? You don't seem fine. No, I'm fine. Arcana? I'm not talking to you Aubrey, I'm talking to Vayne. No, no, no, I know. What do you want to do it on? The surrounding, like maybe you know like this she casts some invisibility something like there's some magic around you know? I'm sure you can do that. Yeah? That's what I guess. I'm just making sure I know what you want to find. Bro has a plus head and somehow fucks it up by the way. I got a nut one! Oh my god! The only magic around you is the cage. Am I going insane? Well, buddy, let's all go rest. Dunavir is literally passed out. Dronivir will
Page 12

come back. They're just taking a nap. No, they're sweating and have a fever. Well, that's what happens on a fever. There was a fever! Wise words, wise words, Alenia. I'm not... Okay. What the hell? I think we should maybe, I don't know, continue around. I mean... Do we not feel the wiggling? The wiggling is gone in our brains. Uh... Do you... You do still feel it. Sorry, I am just insane. Do what? No, I still feel the wiggling. I have a goddamn headache right now. Oh my god, you get... In fact, if it's a parasite. Okay, I'm lost. Abrey, what do you think? Surely the DM would give me a saving throw somewhere. Right DM? Okay, so what happens is as you two are arguing, I mean not arguing like talking to Abrey, Dernavir is in their own I am never wicking I'm never waking up. You guys go ahead. Go ahead guys. And... Dungeons & Dragons is extremely clustered and you see that they're trying to crawl towards the Minervas but they never reach the Minervas but they're like... you know... in love and they're like they're probably going to walk forever towards the Minervas. What the fuck? I want... Why are you happy about that? So alongside Minerva's on her right is Azuriel and on her back is Boris and on her back is What? I don't even know what the spirit looks like. What the f***? And this spirit is like walking towards Renovir and they have this black form. You can see like they're like completely naked but they're not gunna pills. What the f*** is that? And this This spirit goes towards Darnavir and tries to snap them out of it. I need you to do another wisdom save. Oh my god, please. You are getting so many damn chances. Can I do anything? Speed, I need this. The spirit is slapping Turnovir. Wait, they're slapping me, wait. Slapping Turnovir on the face but Turnovir is imagining it's in the ass, obviously. What the hell bro? But like, the slaps continue and you need to do another wisdom save. This is your last chance. Oh my god, please don't say Daesh. If they fail, you don't know where it's going forever. Please, no! I'm so worried! Do it! Do what? Do it! Bismillah! Please! Okay, so you begin to like this like the illusion of Minerva and Azuriel and Boris like dissipate in front of you. and you just see your patron and they have a rather disappointed look on their face. By the way, if you guys don't know, like, Durnavier has a contract with a patron from the lake. Give me one second, BRB. You guys can continue. This patron of yours is not saying anything but you see the disappointment on their face as this begins to fade and you are back into the world. Yeah, real life. It was such a win. It was such a win. It was like a win. I don't know if I should feel flustered or embarrassed. I'm so confused. I'm so confused. DM, what the fuck was that? You see Aubrey looks at you as you wake up. Oh, I thought, wait, how did you... And Aubrey's a bit confused and is like, hmmm. So you do look a bit...blustered? What exactly happened to you? Yeah, that was... I would rather not disclose it. She succeeded a backflip. I was like, they succeeded a backflip. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly, exactly. A backflip, that's what I did. That's all I did. Awwwwwww Hold on, but why do you look skeptical like you weren't expecting me to wake up? I need you to do an intimidation. What? Intimidation for that? Yes, yes. Intimidation. Okay. Okay. And you see the posture feels a bit rigid and you're like, what do you mean? I was totally waiting for your recovery. Kappa Chungus. Who were you now? And I take a step forward. Uh... Come on, you're scaring me. Um, I would do more than just scaring if you don't tell me what the f**k just happened. And should I do another intimidation or what? No, you don't have to. Uh... Okay. Well, I don't know what you mean. There's nothing happening. You sure look like you know something. Well... not really. You can stop now. I don't wanna talk about this. Go ahead. What? Why are you pretending like something bad happened to you? No... I'm not. And the note? Where did the note go? I tried to look for the note. Where exactly is this note all of you have been talking about? I don't get it. Well... What the fuck? I don't even know what to make of this. Yeah, this woman is definitely the culprit behind everything. This one and the other one, bro. Could we talk to the other woman? He hasn't said anything. Is she back or is she? I think she's back to be back. Like she's back to just record. Alright, the cage? What is happening in the cage? I asked that. Abadam not sure if he's recording everything. I know Ned didn't die, I said I'd be right back. I realized that I hadn't eaten dinner. We assumed that your Ned died or something, that's why we were like, let's stop because nobody's recording it. No, no, it's recording. The recorder continues. You just hear me. Yeah, but the recording can't hear us. Yeah. I recommend you back to her. So I'll tell you what the cage is. Like she's gonna tell you what the cage is. And she says, the cage? I don't see any cage. Oh my god! What do you mean you don't see any cage? It's right there! Right where exactly? To look behind you! Where Audrey is standing? Where Vale is standing? Do you not see it? It has a jaguar inside! A blittered jaguar! There's only a table in the corner! What are you talking about? Can I see if she's doing a decept, if she's deceiving me or something? Do an inside check. Wait, what happened after I was gone? All I heard was her Dunivin spit. Nothing, nothing. Okay. Did
Page 13

you- What did you- You did hear about- Yeah, you heard about the patron and the patron like slapped and then came back. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That was just disappointed of them. When I came back, Aubrey, is her name Audrey or Aubrey? Aubrey, Aubrey. Aubrey girl was like, she was a bit sus, she was like, I didn't expect you to come back. She said something like that. I didn't expect you to, you know, I don't know. She just sounded sus, like she sounded like she didn't expect them to come back. Yeah, and then she was deflecting everything. She was like, I don't really want to talk about her. So, like, we aren't getting any answers. So, she started pretending like she's the victim or something. Like, hello? So, now we're talking to this Manhattan girl. Alright. I did the inside. Okay. You... you notice... like, the posture seems a bit tense and their eyes seem to be going... Somewhere else? Can I see where? It's towards Aubrey. How do I get the truth out of her? How do we get the truth out of them? Do I have fireballs? No. We're missing something. Do you have a flammable barrel somewhere here? Yes. You're going to explode. Hold on, hold on, hold on. No, no, no, no. I'm just gonna intimidate her. I take out Fire Bolt and point it towards the flammable barrel and I'm like, if you do not tell me what's happening, I'm gonna blow this whole place out. She's about to fail her intimidation side by the way. Do intimidation! Did that work? Alana, are you alright there? You seem... I don't think you're gonna do that, you know? Someone like you... What? Someone like me? Someone like me? No, you're rather... You're rather... Odd... But I like it. Oh my god... Can I do a bit of a demonstration without hurting anyone? How exactly would that look? I'm just gonna go straight next to Madeline. Where exactly is the barrel? Let me just say one thing before that. As Eleni approaches Madeline, you see Madeline is like sitting in the wall You know how you read Separa and she's like moving back and forth and traumatized? Rocking back and forth. Yeah, rocking back and forth. So she's like on the wall basically. Okay, the barrel you speak of is here and here. I can't see. Okay. So like, does it reach some... I don't know what is... If you... If you explore the barrels there, it probably won't do anything, but if you want, you can bring the barrels closer... somehow. I don't know. No, I just wanna... How many barrels are there again? Two? Two. If you explode one of them, both of them will explode. Over here. I don't wanna waste a barrel. There are three here. There are three here. on the left side. Let's go outside and explore while you know, Pennyware does all this. I don't think there's anything else outside. I'm trying to save us. Alright, you're already outside. So how do I... That's your job. Yeah, you're the one who wants to do. Is it a build of barrels or not? No? No? We're killing everyone in here bro. No, he said it won't affect anyone, right? That's what you said. He said it won't do anything. It might affect Jeffrey. It might wake him up from his trans. It might wake him up from whatever. From his trans. I'm transgender transition. What would you like to do? Can I just shoot a chandelier down or something? There is no chandelier in this room. There are like torches around. There are um... Did I... There's candelabras on the table. And what else? Yeah, that's it. There's also a lantern on the table. Can I blast the... Can I blast at the lantern and like say the next one is gonna go through you? You don't... You can't. But you'll also have to do another intimidation check. But the thing is, how many more intimidations does she need? She's like, oh you're not gonna do this, right? Oh you're not gonna do that. Fine, I'll allow it. Just do what you were doing. Oh my god, I told you Kanjak fell asleep. Oh, he's here? Who fell asleep? Kanjak! Kanjak. Oh. How would you like to do this? Again, the intimidation? The same thing I told you. You don't have to do another intimidation. What exactly are you going to perform this action? Alright, alright. I... I... You know... My hands start glowing. My hands start glowing and I'm looking at her with her And with that I snide, I veil because they're not aware of her getting too intimidating. I just hide Iveil, nothing else. You see Valentine raises up their hands, but she lets up a quiet laugh saying, I still don't believe you but go ahead. What? See, this is what I mean. We'll get into a combat. That's fine. Blast her bro. Boom. Do a constitution sitting through all of you. What? Why? I'm not gonna say it. Just do it. Oh my god. And here I go again into that weird ass dream. Oh my god. Everyone except Dernavia begins to think. It's not the same as Dernavia's training like before, but this one is like rather timid compared to the other people. Everyone? Everyone has a way in the millennia. Yeah, way in the millennia basically. Shade and then I just... What do you do? I just look at them and I'm like I'm conflated and then look back at Valentine like what the fuck did you do to my friends? The fuck did you do to my friends? Well, I did nothing. They literally fainted. What are you doing to the air? What is happening? Why do people keep fainting? You... you... You may. They have to do a wisdom saving What are our visions bro? I'd rather not say unless you guys thought that. Nevermind! It's gonna be Boris naked again. No! No! Alenia, do you wanna find out what you want? It's
Page 14

gonna be... Oh, I f***ed up. It's not Glinda. It's not Glinda. It's not Glinda. It's not Glinda. Oh no. I got an A. Anyways. You try to wake Veil up but unfortunately nothing happens. Veil seems rather red. Oh my god. I don't want to see this either! And I try to shake him not gently. Not gently. Hey Astri, can you try waking me up? Hello? I can try to wake you up. Do a Wisdom saving throw. You do it. Wait, I'm supposed to do it. Yeah, yeah. Why would I do it? I don't know. Please. Oh, that's the same one. Oh my god. I will let you both do a constitution saving throw as well. Just to see, you know, if there's chances of you coming. It's rather embarrassing for Dungeons & Dragons. This is embarrassing for me! Because you're trying to wake Elenia up. Oh, I'm just sucking ass. Okay, so you are able to wake Elenia up. Oh my god. You see Aubrey rushing towards you. And Aubrey's like, what? What? And Valentine is also looking rather concerned. You can see from their expression. Yeah, I mean obviously they're the fucking reason behind everything. Okay, the second way we're fighting by the way. I don't care. The second I'm waiting for you. Hold on, hold on. Hold on, let's not do the intimidation approach now. How about like we, you know, Tell them that if they tell us what's going on we might be able to help his daughter, Jeffrey. I mean that's what they were trying to do, no? It's rather too late for that, I'd say. What do you mean that's too late? He's not dead, is she? She's just... Well... You know... Things happen. I'm guessing the children. Oh my god, I tried to try to snap Jeffrey out of whatever Jeffrey where's your daughter what the fuck is happening to you? Can I do another? And you see Jeffrey is not saying anything or making any expression however he points his finger Oh no. Oh my god, that's Sophie. Oh is that her daughter? It is Sophie, isn't it? Yep. You know what? Time to blow the barrels. Let Vale wake up first. Vale wake up, Vale wake up, please. Enough dreaming about Boris. You see Madeline madeline also like vertically approaches whale trying to wake him up and both you and Renovir are able to wake him up. However, there's like you look at Valentine and you see the the grin on her face like What? What? Wait, what? So we got deceived by Madeleine. Okay, so you notice that all three of them begin like, uh, clapping, saying, well, well, you three are quite a feisty lot. I didn't expect any of you to go through that. And I'm going to see you You taste rather good, your shell. I can already imagine. No, no, this is gross. And you hear all of them laughing rather profusely. And the environment around you begins to shift I think this true form, this disgusting rotten forms, everything is covered with moss. There's like disgusting things everywhere. And the jaguar that stood in the cage looks somewhat disgusting and horrifying. Perhaps I will show you what that is... one second. Okay. Ow. Abomination. Oh my god, it's the guy, it's the fucking baby from Wizarding Willard. Let's go! Yes sir. The baby is here guys, the baby is here. Did Jeffrey also have an abomination? No, Jeffrey is still sitting there. Let me change the scenery. Oh wait! This is gonna f***ing... You... Okay wait, hold on, pause. Yeah? Let me put you guys... What are we doing in Dona Benaviento House, bro? Roshed. I just really wanted to include the baby guys. Don't fault me. We were eating that shit. Yes you were. Okay okay okay so you know what could have been very funny if you made all three of them the fucking... the Demetresque sisters. Yeah. Oh my god. I wanted to stick to the roots of D&D. D&D? Of course I saw it coming from miles away. Where the hundred Jeffrey go? Congratulations, Dern over here. You were useless. I was useless? You didn't do anything about the knowledge you had. Anyways. Okay. You kept deflecting shit as this show. I didn't do it. It's not my job. It's your players that you need to convince. Not me. Should I have done a history check on them? Oh yeah, hags, they kind of, you know, they kind of turned into a woman. Okay, anyways, let's move on. Okay, so the hags, like you see like Madeline, like her body feels like it's and Aubrey is melting and turning into this weird goo, this bluish goo, and she turns into a being known as the Night Hat. And Aubrey also melts and bursts into her green, disgusting, and you notice that the other woman goes through the same transition. One of them turns into a green hag and the other turns into a sea hag. They begin to laugh and they are taunting you with their laughter. Let's play the musica and roll initiative. Boom. Is that a 7? I can't tell what is that. I got... Oh that's a 7. I thought that was a 1. We were gonna get into a fight anyways. Can I have Nix here at least? Oh so where the f**k is that... Geoffrey No no no Geoffrey is still there No no no no no Abomination No! Yeah, Abomination! What? My girlfriend? Where did she know? Oh yeah, where the hell is Minerva? Where's Minerva bro? Lil bro has not been arrested forever. I thought you were talking about my past girlfriend, brother. Minerva is not here. What? What is this guy bro? This is Minerva bro. This is Minerva bro. It's the most useless fucking question I've ever seen. If I have high approval with Minerva, maybe they might follow us here and aid us in the fight. Can that happen? Can I have Nexus? This is called a Hag Coven if you guys did not know. A Hag Coven. And when a Hag is in a coven
Page 15

they have extra abilities. Wait. Yes, you have wanted Alenia's tool. Can I have the characters there? Don't tell me the Hex can duplicate it. Oh my god, we'll have three Hex duplicating! Oh my god! Thank you, thank you for giving our DM that suggestion. Can I have Nyx's character? It's not even as... It's right there. Oh wait. Do we need a Lyora? We need a Leora, hold on. We need a Leora. We'll fill in Leora after everything. Should I try their funny accent? Oh no. Go ahead, go ahead. Performance check. I gotta do a performance sec, DM. One second, let me hear what it sounds like. Oh God. Okay, never mind. Okay. So they tell you that they know you have something that they need. Something right under the purple one's back. You been my ass? And they begin to give you an offer. Oh no. What the heck? Oh my god. Give us the shard and we'll let you go. We'll even give you some power. I whisper what shard? The one right there. Then she points to Dinovier's back again. How do you know? Oh my god Elenia your amnesia is kicking in. How do they know about the shard? How do you know about the shard? And how do you know we have it? Enough questions. Just give us the shard and you can leave. You said powers? What kind of powers? Whatever your heart desires. What about the girl and the village chief? What about them? Well, that's none of your concern. I'm a bit vague so yeah I'm not convinced. By the way, I'll tell you what they're offering. It's more like Deneville could get answers, all the answers she needs. Elenia can get her memories back and Vale can know about who wrote the Grim War. Guys, I don't think we really need to care about the village chief and his whatever. Personally speaking. Vale, you're saying we should give them the Shard? Is that what you're saying? Yeah, that's what I'm saying. No! We were on a mission if you don't remember, Elenia. I mean the shard is like you know I'm assuming it's very powerful if these hags want it and we fought a literal giant is for this shard. I mean... Vale you're a bit quiet what are your thoughts? Vale is gone. No I can find out who wrote the grimoire. Yes, you can find out everything about the grimoire, you can find out everything you want to know and even get more. Guys, let me tell you, these are hags, they can be deceiving us, okay? Like, some people have to be deceiving us. It's so anticlimactic, fuck you. Are you saying that out loud? Yeah! I spent years trying to do this and you think you can just give- No, fuck you! I would like to tell you guys, like do a history check actually, I'm not gonna tell you all of you like you can see whether or not you know this or not I need to know everything now. Yeah, well Alenia knows that the DSL hags are Yeah, this is a... The Shard stays with us, so... Yeah... We can offer you something else and then I just put my hands in my pocket. Shut up! Shut up! You can't offer us anything else. I was gonna say something else but okay. Bruh. I was gonna offer them a fuck you but okay. Since you're asking for it, we shall give you As you are in this predicament, you notice that Jeffrey slowly begins to wake up as he's like out of the thing. You see him terrified, mute, like not able to say what he'd need, like he's like completely fucked. So and he falls to the ground and hits his head. And you also you also notice that The Abomination comes out of the cage. Yes. I do want to mention that I am wearing the Cloak of Displacement that you gave. Can you remind me what it was? Cloak of Displacement It basically projects an illusion that makes you appear to be standing in a place near your location so any creature has a disadvantage against me. Okay. So it is... Let me remind you there are flammable barrels for Soho. They're next to us, bro. No, no, they're next to the hag over, the green hag over there. Yes, that is true. Okay. Can Mage Hand pick up the ones behind us? Can Mage Hand pick up the ones behind us? The weight is too much. I can let you do a strength throw to see if you can lift it with the Mage Hand. But not right now because you are in combat. I have a minus two, Lalu. If anyone else has strength, they can try. Astri I have plus zero, but the thing is how are we gonna lift it up and throw it? How far is the barrel? It was right here right? There's three barrels there, two barrels with the gain I guess. Okay, the hag... Bro vs. Liora... Liora... The Hag looks at Vale and does a very haunting appearance. Only you see this. It's a vision of something you have the deepest fear of. When it tries to move towards you and multiplies and you feel this tense energy in your body, you need to do a wisdom saving throw. Okay, you are now frightened of this illusion and Thankfully you only take this damage. Thankfully how much? Thankfully. Thankfully only then. Yes. What does Frightened even do? Okay, that Titan means you are unable to target the hag, but you can target everyone else. The Abomination is it slides up the walls and on the ceiling and it looks His eyes are closed obviously but it looks towards you guys. And it is unable to attack because it's not in range. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. I have... I have this one. You have Firebolt? I have Firebolt, yes. You can, like, point, like, maybe blow the barrel up or I guess attack the aborberation. Whatever. Summon beast? Uhhh yes. The Imp thingy? The Fiend, yes. No no no no, I have... Summon beast, you can. I have a summon beast. You call for the bestial spirit. Wait, I can... Bestial spirit? Yes, a clock Can
Page 16

you put this thing on? Oh you did. I did. You call for the Beshe Spirit, it's not Beshe, I don't know how you wish it was. Oh shit, that took me to another bestial spirit. Unfortunately the bestial spirit is not available here because you have to buy it for some reason but like I can let you summon an animal of any kind. I don't think an animal is going to be. It could be a bear, it could be a lion, it could be a tiger or anything. It could be a stag. It could be a stag. Yeah that too. You can do that. There's also the summon fey one right? I have summon fey, summon beast and then there was a fiend that I got. A fiend? Fiend, that was the scroll. Yeah yeah fiend. Fiend you can summon do. Summon fiend bro. It was the scroll right? Yeah I got the scroll, I don't see it. The fiends are kinda hilarious. Hard to control? Yeah? Are the fiends like hard to control or something? No. I can summon a bear. But even a stag can ram into stuff. So for my main action I'll summon a stag through summon beast. I can do that. I'm gonna be controlling it. Guess who makes an appearance? It's not Boris. It's Boda. Yeah, Boda as well. Hi buddy. Boris in a spirit. Will I have to roll in a share to 4 or 2? Hold on. Let me just... I can just do that for you. Unfortunately, you down there. It's supposed to share my share to 4 or 2. If that's the case, then sure. I do want to do a bonus action on Nyx. I'm gonna do... what was it called? Where did it go? I summoned the child. And then I'm gonna do... bonus action for... what the fuck is the spell? Dragon's Breath! There it is. I need to give you access. There you go. Oh my god. What was it? Advanced on dexterity. Oh, this is Boris's off. Yes. Dunlopir, how are you feeling? What are you feeling right now? That was such a random question, why are you asking me? Because I want to. Okay... The stack's gonna move closer to I feel a bit... I feel a bit... Nothing. It's just... It's gonna move closer and it's gonna do... What is this? Antlers. It's only gonna get one. What the fuck? Oh. Wait, I didn't do the hit. One second, I'm sorry. Wrong button. That also doesn't matter! Anyway, so... Next... Next, I guess. Poor Angela. Is the Nighthag. You see the Nighthag is like laughing profusely again and she begins to disappear. Oh god. But here we go again. Auntie Edhil. And then she disappears and... Dunavir, I need you to do something. And the damage check. Do a constitution save. Okay, luckily nothing happens to you. However, the hag is still invisible. What did we do to make them visible? I forgot. I have Fairy Fire. Oh yeah, that could work. If you have it, you can use it. You need to place it somewhere you think they are. Could be behind us. But if you just... you can also like I guess target the barrels and if she's right there then she will like... her invisibility will just disappear. If it hits her. The pyre I think. You have options but... I mean the cube is 24. I mean she could be right there at the barrel. I mean, we won't know unless we take a chance. You know this is what happens with these bags. Well, okay, I'll take the chance when it's my turn, you know, after you. I'm just saying, don't, don't, don't, don't blame it on me if it's not, if it doesn't go. Alright. Hold on, let me do something. Are you gonna do your Warlock special? Warlock special? No, no, I'm doing something. I'm trying to see something else. And stuff. Bide and blast! Is radiant damage flammable? Like does it... I don't know. Or is it not? What are you putting at all? I'm thinking... I make the whip I have, I turn it into a back-to-whip weapon and it can do extra radiant damage. And what are you hitting? Maybe the... Maybe the... The flames... No, not the flames... The flammable barrel behind her. You are obsessed with those. The green hag? What? Yeah, the green hag. Are you talking about... Okay, okay, okay, okay. So you... I would say yes. Okay. Yes. All right. But I can only use it once. I think you still have it for a while after you use it. No. Or is that No no no no no. Remember I think I could use it twice, you know the whip. Yes. So for my bonus action, I will turn my whip into a packed weapon so it does extra radiant damage and at first I'm gonna point it at the barrel behind her and then I'm gonna whip the hag. Mhm. Alright, hold on, let me see how much Davids does. You can use a small modifier for the attack and damage rolls. Wait, I forgot. I just have to roll it, no? I just have to roll it. Isn't that hard? Yes. Hold on. And spend that for a couple of damage you're gonna do, no? Yeah. Yes. So the extra radiant damage is basically my charisma modifier, alright? Yes. So your modif- I was just making sure because you know don't wanna cause friendly fire. The hag has to do a wisdom saving throw. Not wisdom, I won't say. What the fuck is that? Dexterity. Please fail. Please head. Holy fucking shit. She has a plus 57. She fails guys! She's dead! She's dead! She's dead! I was so happy I one tapped the enemy I was thinking I wanted to be for the first time. No, no, no, no, no, you are close. Don't worry. But, but, but I also have another whipping to do. Yes? So this time, yes? Now it's my turn to Faye Fire the Where did you say? It was somewhere here. Can you mark it? I can't. Hold on. How do I mark it? Oh, here somewhere. The barrels. But be careful, there are three flammable barrels so it might reach us. Can it reach us? The fire? It would reach the table and the table would be burning. There are
Page 17

candles on top, lanterns, so many things. I mean I don't think it will do enough damage. No, I mean, if fairy fire doesn't do damage. It doesn't do damage. If there is something in there, you might be able to see it. What spell is that? Level 3, level 2? Level 1. Okay, then you can do it. Just throw it. Just throw the dab thing in the corner. Is it a bonus action or...? It doesn't say it. It should say B A somewhere or A. It doesn't say it. I'll just send it in the... Okay. Thank you. Okay, that is an action. 20 foot cube. If you click on the 20 foot cube and where are you putting this? I can't choose it. What's happening? I think it needs my permission for some reason. Yeah, it's randomly putting in. Oh, there we go, there we go. You said here, not to Sylvia? Yes, yeah, it's here. Yeah, boom. Okay. So let me get rid of that. What if she's like above, like standing next to you, Eleni? I love that Khobab chose this because it worked. You are able to see... It's literally so close to not working. Oh my god! Let me just show you! Let's go! Let's go! Oh my god! You were so close to not working! Oh my god! W turn everywhere! W turn everywhere! Oh my god! Um... I don't think there's a bonus action so I think that's just my turn. You can use a bonus action if you have any. I don't think I have any. You sure, no? Go to actions and then there will be bonus action. No. Oh no? Nope. Let me double check in case. And that would be pretty useful. Oh yeah. Yep. Yeah. Oh wait, you have Dragon's Breath. Oh my god. Where is Dragon's Brother? Hold on, let me find it on my fucking thing. Dragon's Brother is 15. And they have to do a 15 dexterity save. She has to. Yeah, yeah, she has to. Do I do plus 7 or do I do the 1d10? I don't know where they go. They are 3D6. It's 4D6 no? It's just 3D6. Are you doing it on level 3 or level 4? 2. I don't have a level 3. Astri is Dragon. I didn't even cast her. She fails! Astri go, bitch! Oh, 9 damage. I don't see the throw. Where is it? Oh, there it is. 9. Above my other messenger for some reason. 9 Astri damage. God, eh? I did 47 damage to the other bitch and she is still alive. Wait, shouldn't Astri do like ticking damage or something? Let me just wait that again. Take a magic action to observe each creature in that area makes it exciting. Unfortunately... Oh wait, yes it stays there. If they stay there then we will take the same amount of damage. Oh wait, Poison and Astri are two different things, I did not know that. It only gives me an option to do a role for Astri for some reason. I mean it's the same thing, no? Same thing. No, but like the poison will linger on her but Astri will stay in the place she's in. Yeah, I guess. Alright. End turn. Okay. Okay. Yes, yes. Oh yeah. The stag is gone? No no, just do it right away. It's on Wael's turn. Okay. I think there's a card over there. with the following spell. Okay, that's nice. That's nice. Cute. Okay, so... ...last... ...usily again. And this time... as she's laughing, you notice Nyx begins to disappear. No! Wait, wait, hold on. And you see that the hag also disappears but presents again in the form of Nyx and there's also another Nyx. What? There's two Nyxes. You have to attack one! You are so cruel for that! You are so evil for that! It's not me, it's the hag. You know, I can tell it's funny. Actually, you cannot. You can think that, but the colors are just being, you know, bitchy. Yeah, so if you attack the real one, it can die, but if you attack the fake one, the illegal is the real one. That's not, that's not, that is not, that's not. That's what was happening in the thing, no? The girl. No. I mean, either way, it's fucked up. And you hear both of them meowing profusely, profusely, unable to move, unable to move. Okay, that is the green hag. So next is then... Next is unable to move and so is the hag. For this part. Wait, where did the hag go? Oh wait, um... I don't think you're in the session, no? Shut up. Okay, and the sea bitch... Okay... She goes up to Vale since Vale is frightened. Like, goes here then here. And I should glow at Vale. Oh my god, I've already like... Damaged. And... Oh my god! What happened? She's like 18 HP. Do something about it. Do we have a reaction maybe? Will? Or no? Anything. Shield. You have shield. I have Hellish Rebuke. I also have Counterspell. But she will still take the damage, you know? Yes, but... Yeah, she will. I can heal you, it's fine. I'm gonna cast... Hellish Rebuke at the third level. Okay, cooking, cooking. Where the fuck is it? They have failed! Let's fucking go! I hit them with the LL dance from Fortnite bro. So they take... Oh my god, that's a nice shot of damage. I finally did something, holy shit. Bro, what do you mean? I'm the one who always has 1 and 2 damage every fight. The fact that you can do the most damage is funny part. I'm the one who's taking all the damage! I'm the one who can do the most damage with the dices I wrote on my side. The abomination attacks the stag from like... The abomination is like on top of the ceiling right now like I said before. And they let out a horrific wail. And this is Wail. Anyone who is 30 feet and not an ally will have to do DC 13 wisdom save. Or you will be frightened of the abomination. You cannot attack it. DC 13, how would you do that? Just do a wisdom saving throw if it's 13 or less. Wait 13 or more. Oh my god. I'm safe. I'm safe. I'm afraid. Oh no she's just one now. You have inspiration. Oh I have inspiration in your heart. I completely forgot
Page 18

about that. But I hope it can- okay there we go. Please. Okay. Okay, you are unaffected by this fuck-ass whale. What about the... What about the... What about the... We have our Donald or the Stag as well? The... No, it's only... It's only allies that are not affected. Oh, sorry not the high, I meant the Stag. Oh yeah, the Stag. Wisdom saving pro... Let's do the Stag. Let's see... Oh no, it isn't. Okay. You see Boris is no coward. We both got the same! That's a double 19! Double 19 is pressure right there! Damn! What's next? Vale! Vale your soul! Nice! Right! I see no, it does more damage. I'll do Chromatic Orb on... Who the fuck should I hit? Am I not still frightened or...? You are frightened of the abomination only. I mean like... It's already been one turn, so I guess... Okay, so I'm gonna do Chromatic Orb on the Hag in front of me. So I'll do... Fingers crossed! Okay. Okay, works. I didn't see how much she did. 20 acid devents! We're cooking, we're cooking. Cookity, cookity. Okay... Wait, let me just say one thing, because I think you did something special. I did. Special? Even I didn't know. The power of love and Boris. Whenever you roll two or more of the same numbers on the DH on a Chromatic Orb, the spell leaps onto a new target. Why is the board moving or random? It's like the closest target. Abomination? Abomination? Yeah. So, uh... Do I have to roll again? Do I have to roll again? New range attack roll. You do another attack roll and then you do the damage roll. Oh, so I have to save my head again. Yeah, so do the hit dice again. That does not hit. That could have been cool. That's good to know though. It's the hag's turn bro. Huggy. Hag sama. Hag sama. Hag sama. Hag sama. Oh, kick sama. Okay. Okay, okay, okay. Uh, she leaps out of the fairy fire and, uh, okay. What the fuck is this? Hold on. This is a new spell that I've never seen before. You tap into the nightmares of a creature you see. Oh. An illusion of its deepest fears, you say. Oh god. The targets must make a wisdom saving throw, a fail save the target takes, and a Disharand over to Disharand. Oh, that's rather peculiar. Peculiar. Okay. So, Disharand, I'm looking at you again. Oh god. What the fuck? Okay, so... I need you to do a Wisdom saving throw of 15. But instead she has magic missile. Lora has... What's happening? A fight with three eggs! And an abomination! We were literally lured in and trapped and I don't know what the fuck just happened. You were the one who got... You let the party go, right? What?! Can you tell them what happened? I'll be right back. Canuck, you remember how we fell down and met the girl outside of... Yeah, that part. Yeah, we found our dust girl. Don't know it. Yeah. So... He doesn't know about Elenia's vision. Oh yeah, because Elenia had his own vision. I forgot what happened in it already. Basically Elenia was also having a vision and she saw Oh, her mother Her mother gave her a tiara, a tiara, a crown with ruby crystals. Not the same one she has right now. She just woke up saying. Yeah, so the crystals, she saw that crown and then she had another vision about her mother where the mother was fighting the cloaked figures, screaming for her daughter. She basically wanted to go back to Elenia. Elenia's mother. Also, Elenia was taken in by some cloaked figure, like it became her master. A cloaked figure, it was like a woman. She was also a Drow. She gave Elenia something to drink and it was from the river Delitz, which is like a river of forgetfulness. If you drink from it, you forget your memories. This is how Elenia became amnesiac. I think that's the thing that we saw. No, no, no, no! She saw in the reflection Leora as a child. Oh, yeah. She saw Leora as a child too. Yeah, for some reason. Yeah, and that was it. So, she saw Leora as a child like this photo. Maybe she was looking at a past memory when she met you as a child. I don't know if you were a child when she met you. Yeah, I was like eight years or seven years old. Oh yeah. So that was a memory being a reflector or something. Yeah, this is what happened in her reflection, I mean in her vision. And then we went inside and confronted the and Jeffrey guy. All this time we were thinking he was a pedophile but nah. We were actually being like literally we got recruded by these three. Yeah, Gasolid. Remember that woman Madeleine that was telling us? There was two more women with Jeffrey. Jeffrey was having a mental breakdown or something and the two women were making us feel like we went crazy. There was We tried so fucking hard to see what was happening. Like we knew it was an illusion, we knew something was up but we just weren't doing the right things to figure it out. But like long story short, we're in like a hag's cove and the three women including Madeline were hags. Yeah, so they're killed. And they won't They want the shard, the one we got after Titania's fight. They want that, we refused to give it and now we are in a fight. I summoned a stag. They were offering us some very Oh my god, what is that face? I summon the stag, summon beast. You summoned a stag? We needed some extra help. Also I see two things. One of them is the hag, we don't know which one. If we attack the right one, the Hag will show up, I guess, right? I don't know. I see the HD bar, I think somebody knows who's the real one. No, we're not supposed to know. Also, I did my turn but I completely forgot to do the Starks turn. Just do it. I was after you anyway. Oh my f**king what the
Page 19

f**k. We just see Leora barging in through the door. The door or the ceiling? Oh yeah the ceiling, literally like a spy style or something like she's on a heist or something. Leora, how would you like to make your entrance? You guys fell down bro. Bro, Leora comes in with Dhoom music bro. On a motorbike. Bro, this tag is useless. It failed. Bro, if you put this tag, it might be in the crossfire. Yeah, this tag is... This tag might just be in the class file. Bro, I'm gonna have five buds in sharing this tag might be good at it. No, no, no fireballs in this vicinity. No, we are literally right there. Oh, by the way, they are flammable barrels. Can you add the Fremier's token in? Yeah. Yes. I think that's the problem. I got it. Where the f*** is Lord of the Rings? My buddy is gonna be a dory. Yes. I want a Nibblee. Bro, Salah sleeps so hard. Now if the other hack turns into Nibblee, then we are a good one. Bro, I was like literally, it was just Abdullah and Visin. I was like, I'm betting everyone's asleep. I was supposed to go to Watson's and I was supposed to receive a part so my headphones came but I was sleeping and I didn't know what to see. By the way you're 28 HP. What happened there? You don't remember? What happened? Oh yeah! The gambling! Life essence? Yeah, I'm gonna use 5 life essence. I haven't read this just about this. Oh yeah, I let him use the remaining life essence. You can have that. 5, 8? Yes. I guess it's the Hex turn. The blue one. The blue hag... Oh, but she already did her turn. No, she tried to... No, there's one more thing that's left. Oh, chap. Okay, so the hag is going Summon something familiar. It is like the hag looks at the chair behind her and summons Minerva who is caged. Minerva is caged. and you see around Minerva there's like a... like this... there's something that is... Stop, I disconnected it. and the other. Where are those six zones? Same thing? Same thing. My disconnect discords me in a place. Also, wait, if we kill the hag, will it go away? Yes. What did I miss? The hag summoned Minerva on the chair but Minerva is caged up and you have six turn to save her otherwise she dies. What? I mean they die. They die. They die. They will die. If we kill the hag the illusion will disappear. They'll be fine. But maybe there's something else we can also do like is there any mechanism around here you know? There are two other entities I see around us. One is dead and one is full HP. Are they enemies? There's three hacks. One hack is turned into necks, one is low HP, one is the one that's blue. Below me. Yeah, below you. Can you kill me? On the right of Vale. The other hack. Abomination. Wait, isn't there four then? No, no, no, no. There's three hacks. One is next, one is with me, and one is the one that summoned Minerva. The other thing is... Abomination. It's Sophie. That is Sophie. Okay, so yeah, I mean, that one is like the... Okay, Abomination, but there's this... Hold up. This thing, and then there's this thing. Don't move them. We should move them. Can I write first dude? You may perceive something around here that will, you know, disable them. Sure, you may do as you want. No, but you see that there are There are instruments on this side of the chair. Like the head? No, like, yeah, they were here. Yes. There's like a flute and a violin. What the fuck is that? How is that supposed to help me? Anyway. I don't know. A lyric. I'm not a bard. Why do you keep drooling in Ishik? It's my turn to express. No, you are 20. Yeah, you are 20. No, the thing is I was 20 right? But I can make that happen for you. Oh, you're starting to look out. Hold on, it's not that, but it's still Dunaware's turn. We can just kill the hag. We can just kill the hag. So, okay, I have like Eldritch+, I can do it twice. I'll point one at the hag close to whale and the other behind me. And I also have this I am the Wand of the War Mage so it will give me plus 1 to my attack rolls. Also, also, also, also the hag which is revealed by my fire is still standing in the asset so it shouldn't you take more damage? Oh yeah. Hold on. Yes. What's the damage of the asset? Is it called Dragon's Breath? Yeah. Yeah. Dragons are breast... Breast. Say it low bro. Okay, you touch a winning battle of a problem. Choose acid. Each creature in that area must make a deck save. Okay. And a deck save of 15. Wait, what? Finia. I have a lot of things going on. Who's gonna roll the dice? Art of the Mudge. So I'm holding the wand in one hand and I'm gonna Eldritch Blast these two heads. Alright, first I'm gonna Eldritch Blast the closest one to it. Please hit! Does that hit? Okay that hits! That hits bro! 13 damage! Take 13 damage right now! Oh my god Okay now this hack right here. This hack right here. Hit DC. Please. That hits. Okay. That blasts her. Don't appear as spare stuff. Okay. Okay so you hear like the first hack you hit you hear the like a loud laughter fading into the air. and the other hag is looking at you and grinning as she takes the damage. What? You're so weird. Which one is grinning? The blue or the blue hag? The one in your life. This one? The one close to me. The one close to us. Blue one. Yeah, and also as my bonus action I'm gonna heal. Are we getting a long rest of the list? Obviously. I would recommend you guys set up camp and like do camp shit, you know? We can think about that after this. I'm gonna use a level 3 magic missile on this bitch So that should add like magic missile has like how I don't know how many
Page 20

like you don't have to do a hit dice you just roll the dice three times it's level three right? Yeah level three. Hold on let me just check. Let me just sign it in the fucking thing bro. There I signed it. One more dart for you. With Level 3 you can do 5 darts of damage. So you can roll that 5 times. Yeah, 5 times. But if I can roll it more than 3 times, it's gonna take up my slots bro? No, no, no. Just click, you see the thing in the... In your third level place, just do the damage. It'll automatically do it. Just click the damage, where it says damage roll. 1d4 plus 1d4 Actually, I think if you click cast, you will do all 5. I'm pretty sure. Try that. Just hit cast. I hit cast. Nevermind. Nevermind. Then it uses up my slot. I'll just do it real quick for you. You can manually remove the slots. 1d4 If one thing you destroys, but it counts as one, then you can remove. I'll do it four more times and then we can add plus four to it. So that's 11 plus 4, which is 15, plus 2, which is 17. 17 as well. Alright, Leora. Can you add the... the Niblick's turn is not there. Oh yeah, sorry. Also, Kenwood Dux is initiative or anything. Yeah. Oh yeah, ahum, ahum. Okay, there we go. And put him in the booth. What? No, nothing, nothing. No, it's 21 shared. I'm better, I'm stronger Alright, take 17 damage, hag Okay, the hag took that damage already, bitch Okay, bravo, sir Can I just kill the hag and kill herself? Unfortunately, there's no spell like that I mean the turn is over It goes over to the Nyx's turn. However, they multiply. What?! What?! Yes. Three? Oh damn. They have to go away to check which one is. Oh shit! Four! Oh my god guys, we gotta do something about that hand. What part is the middle one? Oh, one for one. It only takes... And you notice that all the nexes disperse into different locations. Nex, come to me you piece of shit! One goes to a very long time. There's this thing called whole person, you know, so like... We don't have that. Nex is unable to hear, I mean like, hear your call. Like she cannot come to you. If I step into Brab's fire, will I take damage? If you want? If I step into Brab's fire. Yes, you will. No, no, no. That's not damaging fire though. That fire doesn't damage. It's just to reveal. No, no, no. He means your dragon breath. Dragon breath. The one that's the blue thing there. No, no, no. You can ignore that. Let me just remove that. Let me remove that. I'll make that one. Oh yeah, Kanjak... Let me just make a cone bro. It should be like till here. Also, if you add Minerva there, that would be more interesting. I feel like we kind of did forget about it. Kanjak, I placed my fire down. You can move around that I guess. Oh, okay. Um... The thing is... I think I see OPI, I don't know. Just saying there are flammable barrels over here. Three flammable barrels. But if it's the real Nyx then it's gonna be fucked and also it might- Listen, listen, listen, listen. Nyx can't die. Okay? I mean- I know that. So it doesn't matter that much if it's gonna be- end up being that much. No, no, but- But the thing is there also a- You're the closest little bro, not us. What do you mean? I am flammable too, okay? Then what is the issue? I have fire defenses. Then blast straight to the barrow. What is the issue? It's the bloodstir. Yeah, but the thing is Nimrod is melee. Yeah, he's gonna take fire down. Yeah, Nimrod also flies though, so he'll be fine. Fly to where? Yeah, but you'll have to reach the hag as well. While flying, so when you like touch the hag, you'll also be affected. But if you can come up with something, What else can we do? We can do a piercing attack, a wind burst Shiver wind burst, recharge 5 to 6 to 10 feet How much feet? 1d4 damage How much feet? 10 feet line I think that will hit like that will still be in Rey and Jhin As you know, yeah that hits I think you can hit her Without walking in you can hit her. And that's exactly 10. Yeah, she's right at 10 feet range. The tablet is going to be used to. Wait, hold on. Let me open it. Biden blast! The operator gets to use a saving throw. What saving throw? Wait wait wait wait if Mableet can throw her into the table and then we fucking burn it up What I could do is I could use a Hutticlaw attack and it has like one KC within 30 feet must do a DC 30 wisdom saving so on senior target have disadvantage of the next attack. Also, I guess... Don't forget Minerva is somewhere here so if we are flaming the table, they are going to get flamed too. Oh, she's on the table? Let's see, are they here somewhere? Like we are pointing. Here. Yeah, we are fucked. So let's not flame anything? Nah. Okay, then just try killing the hag first. Then we will try blowing other stuff up though. She's pretty close. I want to get her. I just can't listen to this. 3 damage. Go try Niblet. I mean this is the range of talks so we just establish. Nt Niblet. Nt. Alright. Is that it? It's Leora Asheville. I am a hero. It's my turn now. It's my turn now. Oh my god. Yeah target the blue one I guess. So the abomination is full HP over there. Abomination can hold out bro. Abomination can chill out for now. Can I see a dramatic orb? Does anyone mind the time? At all? No. Oh my god, time to use darkness! Time to use darkness! No, no, no! What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? We all have night vision. No, that's not how it works. I don't think so. Remember last time you said the same thing? The thing is, it's magical darkness and magical darkness you can't see
Page 21

through. Which is different. It's fine. Alright, so... I'm gonna use Chromatic Orb. Do I have to do Hit Dice? No, Chromatic Orb is okay. You have to do... Is it? No, Chromatic has Hit Dice. Hit Dice, Hit Dice, Hit Dice. Yes, that hurts. That hurts. I wish I had a hit. 54. If there's any... I don't see... Do you have equal numbers in there? Or you don't know? So it's 24 and I have to do nothing actually. I take 24 times. And then I'm gonna use my Lies of P. I'm gonna use my Lies of P. 44. What is that too? Oh, Dark Days. That's useless because no one is doing force damage to you. I'm gonna use the one more. 79 exactly. Now it's like one turn is gone so now we have five turns. Use some Illusionary Black Hole no effect for one round. What? I didn't hear him. I didn't hear him. Someone is a black hole where? Illusionary black hole. Where do we do that? Let's confuse someone. Probably use it as a hag. Abomination. Confuse that. I don't think he is intelligent enough to know what's happening. Yeah, confused abomination. There's a black hole. Illusion time. It's gonna stay for the entire round. And as you place this black hole, the abomination that was on the ceiling falls down to the ground. Oh damn. How much damage? How much damage? It does not do any. No, because the ceiling isn't that big. It just like plops down. Chach, what's going on? Okay, at least it's on the ground now, the abomination. I don't know if that's a good thing, but show them. No, we have Boris over there, right? Hasn't hit a single thing by the way. Okay, baby girls. Oh my god. We need to kill the hag. We only have five friends. The abomination is now close to you. The thing with the abomination is that any creature that starts its turn within 5 feet of the abomination must succeed at DC 13 constitution or be poisoned until their next turn. On a successful saving throw, the creature is immune to the stents for a day. Hold on, hold on. Anyone under what feed? With an what feed? 5 feed. So basically everyone except you. No, I'm 10 feet. What? Yeah, we are 10 feet. No, no. It's from the edge. If you measure from the middle of the token, then you're gonna be 10 feet. Hey, you moved it. No, hold on. Can you... I still have movement by the way so I'll just be even closer if that makes you guys happier. No! No! Alright, let's just hug him at this point. What did I do? I can't even move now. Hello? The fuck? Why am I taking the blood? Why am I taking the blood? Okay, so the bitch does... Wait, what? What's it called? It's bite. Why did it say shit? It bites baby girl You would be fine, you have 50 HP It bites Alenia and it does its second bite on whale. Let's see if it hits. It's gonna hit. And it hits of course. Oh god, I just healed him. 11. I am not sure how to do this. You are at a disadvantage. Why? Because it's close. Who are you attacking? If you're attacking the abomination then you hit it now. Yeah, I hit anyways. I'm hoping for the same number. I don't know if I... Oh! That's two sets of same numbers. Then it bounces off more but unfortunately there's nothing else. I'm gonna try to hit the other hag as well. Fingers crossed. Okay, that hit. I don't damage again. 20 damage. So 20 to the combination and 20 to the hag. I am not against you guys, I can stop acting like I want to kill you. You are against you. Show whatever you say DM. Nugget, you have the funniest thing to do when you become DM. Just buddy Abdullah. No, you are not against it. Anything he does just go unfortunately. Unfortunately. Can I? Okay, is that it? Yeah, I... Can you show the HP of the abomination? Or is that 2x4? No, we can't see the HP. There we go. Oh! Okay. Yeah, okay. I'm gonna do the stacks turn now, cuz fucking hell, can you do something for once? Rev into the abomination or no? If it does that, it will hit Alanya. Yeah, it's gonna hit everyone. That's the problem. So... It's gonna hit everyone, yes. I'm gonna just go... The stack just goes closer to the abomination and once again, god fucking damn it, hit! It hit. Okay, finally, Boris. Finally. That's not Boris, guys. It's not Boris. 17 damage. I know she's making... This is Bora. 17 damage. That's how big it is by the way. How many is it? 70! Wait, what? Wait, how many images in the Jigsaw? I mean, to be fair, he just got hit for like 40 damage. Right there. Yeah. Okay. I did something. Okay, it's the blue girl's turn though. Please no more, no more tricks. First slap, then the Astri will go. And then Astri will go away after this round. No, I mean... Wait, Dunnar never did the saving throw or the niblets attack. Saving throw on niblets attack? I don't have any metal bro, come on move on. The thing is, it pushes the thing back so it will be thrown into the next turn on a successful save. What's the save? DC 13 systems. On Dexarity? Yeah. But we're not gonna do that right now. So they go back into the ethereal realm. Invisalign. Oh god. And... Okay. While... Okay... Okay... Anyone have C invisibility or something? Yeah. Me? Hello? And Fairy Fire? Yeah, I know, but... No, Fairy Fire means C invisible or C invisible? C invisible. Okay... Leora... Do a wisdom save. Homage? Gosh, I was in the middle. Yes. This one? Oh, sure. No, no, no, no, saving throw. Saving throw is like below the initiative, right? Armor class. You see Leora faint and fall asleep. What? What? Yes. One second. My net needs to stop dying. Hello, hello, I'm back, I'm back. Yeah, I know. It happened to everyone. Yeah, you stopped DDoSing. I thought my net died
Page 22

again. I was so worried. That was weird. Never called the Hex boy. Never called the Hex to have DDoSed as IRL. Okay. Okay. Now you have fallen asleep. and you serve as the hack's- What the fuck? Hold on one second. One second. No, no, no, no, no, I read it wrong. Only the hack can serve as the spells- Okay, ignore badness. My thing. SpellsOkay. Okay. Okay. Okay, okay, okay, okay You also take 3d6 psychic damage 70 damage Leora's mouth opens and like you see like faint, James. Now Leona has faint her worst nightmares. Would you like me to tell you your worst nightmares? Oh my god, I know, I know, I already know. Leona is now experiencing... Watching her mother die over and over again as she screams and Leora has to scream and shout, trying to save her mother repeatedly and is unable to do so. Nooo my mom, nooo Nooo my mom, nooo I'm going to... I'm watching nightmares and the other accounts that should Okay, let me put a condition down and this is indefinite by the way until some one of you does something I'm not gonna say what Indefinite? What can we even do? Leora is unable to do anything right now. Okay, now it's time for Dunder No, it's Bale's turn, what the fuck? No, it's your turn. No? No, after we are sorted. Oh, no. I can't see the hag. I can't see the hag. Because the hag is the... No! I mean in the combat. Yeah, because the hag disappeared. Disappeared from the combat. Anyways. I can't see the revealer because why not? So like since we don't know where the hag is and I don't think I have anything to help with that so... Just kill the baby bro. Just kill the fight baby. First, I want to go closer to the case to see if there's anything. Can I still, you know, try to open it or something? Open the case? You may. Can I see? Not try to open it, but I can I... What if it's an illusion? What do you want to do with it? Try to see if it can open, like... I'm going to walk closer to the cage and try to see if there's something I can do with it. Roll a perception. Okay. You notice that this specific cage seems to be going rather quickly than before. What?! Though there's no mechanism to open it. What do you mean by going rather quickly? It's accelerating. That's it? Yes. It's likely that it would take less rounds. What if? Yes. Oh god, fuck off. I'll just, I'll just, I'll just, you know, use my frustration over the Obamination. I'm gonna kill it. I'm sorry. I'll bitch pussy. Bitch pussy. That does not hit. Does not hit. But I can do it again. Yes, it doesn't hit again. Absolutely, it destroys the baby. Baba Yaga. 11 damage. Okay. That... That... And as the baby explodes... All of its remains, gooey remains go over all of you including none of you. And within it you see Sophia naked and dead. Dead? Yes. You killed her. You killed her. Don't do this the way I'm gonna leave. I'm gonna leave you, or I'm leaving. No, no, no, no. Bro, we don't even know who Sofia is. We don't even know who it's- Bro, Discord is dying. You don't know that. You do not know that. I'm saying that is what happened. You killed her. It's fine. I disconnect. No, just say, even if you didn't kill her, someone else would have killed you. That's fine. That's fine. Even killing her is regarded as a brother. Nobody cares about any Rufiya hair. She would have met the same face regardless. Alright fine, go like I continue. Hello, I fairy-fired hello. Yeah, unfortunately nothing is there. What? I mean I can't remember just like... I'll also like just put what Sophia looks like because you can see her now finally. Oh yeah, like do more psychic damage or something. Anyway. That never takes minus 10 damage from that. And that is Sophia in NPC. Oh damn! Oh no, it's loading. The score's been a bit... Oh! Remember White Hair and Red Eyes? Yes, the portrait. Yeah. Oh, the painting. That was heaven, Sophia. You know if that happened in Baldur's game when I was playing in Baldur's game? You would racequatch? Reload it. Yeah, you would have reset. Okay. Okay, so Alenia, what did you do? Only that, that's it? Yep, that's it. I mean, what else do you want me to do? I think there is stuff happening now. I'm not sure. Can you move? Maybe you can try moving. I think you can just move and use your perception. I don't know. Can't I tell which next it is? There has to be a way I can tell which next it is. Maybe with perception? I don't know. What is something different about them? So it's Eleni's turn right now. Ok, so Eleni already ended. Ok so the cats they look at a blue whale and they obviously double because why not? What? And they approach, all of them approach whale at the same time. You need to strike one of them. How to tame the other one. One of the main chances? Probability? Command clutch? Probability? I've got an A in statistics. Let me see. Probably there are enemies. I got a C in strike so I can't really tell. Yeah same. and all of them begin to scratch whale. Okay! Why does the real ones start doing it? Why is the real one stupid? Why is the cat so stupid? It's real. Dude, hags are powerful. Hugs are very powerful. Ow, okay. Goddammit. And... Hold on, one second. One take. I'll just say they are scratching you and you like you can tell me what you do in this situation like they're like all like lashed on to you scratching you from every corner I'm used to Everyone do AOE damage to the cats. I'm the one who's gonna get hit! You don't care about the cat? AOE damage means that the one in the middle is also going to get hit. Not close maybe I guess. Is there
Page 23

anything I can try to discern which one is the real Lex? I can let you do an Arcana check. Yeah, DC 20. Please. Okay. Why? The funny thing is that is exactly the fucking difference. What? It was 25. Oh my god! He's going to try to learn this. Holy shit. Okay, okay You notice that one of these Nyx's isn't harming you as much as the other ones and this one is glowing faintly as it is recognized by you and your book. Cam, which one? Can I just grab her by the scrum? Not right now. Not yet. Neblet, I'll tell you. So, well the thing is, Neblet doesn't see the blue hide. So you just wanna... Yes. Like, Neblet to try to dove her and get Nix away with something. Is that possible? Neblet would what? They grab the real Nix and... You can do that. What are you gonna do after you grab the real legs? The illusion is still there, no? Leora can blast. No, Nebula is gonna stick with the real cards so they never get mixed. You don't know that? Abhi, listen, it's gonna be Leora's turn. Leora can... Niola is capacitated but she cannot do anything. Ya. Oh my god. But then it's gonna be my turn next. Yes. You need to do AOE damage to the cats in front of you. Maybe one of them is the hag. Uh, AOE, AOE. But we don't know if it's the one behind you. We don't know if it's the one behind you. Aoe, AOE, AOE. DiMlet cannot do AOE is a thing, no? I just realized Vale is fighting against illusions with Vale's mastery. You can do one thing with Niblet. Attack the cat that is close to real Nix. Attack the cat I'm surprised that he doesn't have fireball. I'm also surprised. I thought I had it. Wait, how many are there? 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 6. I don't need you, what the fuck? I don't have an AV attack! I have a Thunder Wave. I mean, 5 out of 6 chances for a team. Yes. If Niblet hits the one. Well, you don't have to do that one specifically. Magic missile can go to any of them. I think Niblet is under the stack. Don't hit the stack. What else? What? What? What? What? What? Uh... DM? Yeah? What do you do? I don't know. No, we're just gonna hit the illusion. Try to hit the illusion. Which one? Uh... The Freak illusion. No one. The real legs. Close to real legs. Um... Okay. And... Do your... What attack? I don't think the damage matters. Yeah, it doesn't matter. Okay, as you attack the fake Nix, you notice a faint laugh that echoes in the room and the Nix disappears. That the Nix you just attacked. The real hag, brah. You thought the laugh meant... No, I know what it means. The hags are fucking bitches. Yeah, it's more satisfying to kill them. So, hag has turned into one of the... ...gags and one is invisible? Yeah, the other hag is invisible. Oh, okay. Okay, one's dead the bomb nation dead. It's my turn now? Yes, yes, okay, so Oh my clothes my thing. Okay, so I'm gonna do magic Oh, one of them will remain Yeah, I know what the why did that okay, that's supposed to be fire. Which one should I hate? I'm still worried about Vinirwa by the way, we don't have much turn. God, the visual is so funny of the characters climbing on well and he's just gonna be doing pop-up. Yes, beautiful. Okay, so... I wanna do... I'll just do these four. The... these like... four. And then the one right in front of me. Okay... Fingers crossed. You said there are two on the right, right? And the two on the bottom? Yeah, so it's just like these four. And then one right and right. Okay. Okay, yes, you hit the... Finally. Fuck. Which one was it? Which of the bitches? This one. Okay. Of course. The other illusions disappear. That head, I did like 47 damage to that bitch. We need to kill her. Yeah. Okay, and... The real Nyx is no longer under the control of the hag. Anyways, there you go. We remove that... dead thing. Anyway. I was just doing random shit. Can you show Hag's HP? It's low. It's Stag's turn actually. The Stag moves closer to the hang. Your Stag is in Stag right now. Oh please do something. Uhhh... FUUCK. Nevermind. Okay. Anyways, so ignore that. Ignore the Stag. It is... My turn's over. Skip skip skip skip and that How do we make Leon up? Alright By the way the blue one was before me Oh sorry sorry sorry sorry I get it Basically, she can't do the same thing she already did to you with anyone else. So, let's do... Appear in front of me. Fight me like a real hag. Hag vs Hag. Hag vs Hag. Hag vs Hag. Ah, yes. Hag vs Hag. More like... The thing is that she can appear and disappear whenever she What happened? 37 It's a crit so it does the base damage plus the roll dies. Yes, I'm dead. No you're not. 22 damage. You're not dead. I thought he said 27 plus 30. No, no, no. Another 9 plus. Okay, so basically she did appear and disappear after hitting Eleni. Oh, she was literally right there. Continue Dungeons & Dragons What is your health again? Hold up bro, I'm doing the math. You can just do 22. I know, it's very annoying and disgusting. I'm British so Minhar was trying by the way. Yeah, you're flicking! I'm feeling first I killed the little girl and now I'm... It's not a little girl, it's a girl. How do I remove the girl? I can't even see her. I can't even remove the fucking baby. Like right on top of an animal, which is not what you want. If I do an AOV damage around me, will that be able to show the hag if she's there? Yes. Around you, Elson? What are you doing? Maybe I can do Thunder. You're doing a Misty Step? I want to do Misty Step to heal Elenia, but before that, I Where are you Thunderweaving? This is like a... This is so bad. Or I can just
Page 24

kill the other... other bitch over there. Yes, I am sure... that Minerva is about to die by the way. How many times? for Minerva. Either this one or next one. She's good. I want you to do a perception check to see how long they have. Okay, you don't exactly know how long, but you have Enough time. Probably. Enough time? To kill both the hag? Probably. Okay, I'll take that. It's like a probability. You know what, I'm gonna kill that hag over there and... Yeah. Yes. For the sake of love. For the sake of love? Yes, you killed the hack for the sake of love. The green one after I was the green one. Yeah, for the sake of love. You have to kill all of them. But you know what? I have another element. Yes. Please don't embarrass me. Oh my god. Please, uh... Please, Crap. I got to imagine if I was a crit. Okay, how much damage is that? 13. Please die. Unfortunately, it's not enough to kill. What?! Yes. What the fuck? Yes. Can you show that fucker's HP or something? I hate that fuck. Yes. There we go. I'm gonna take 1 HP No, I thought she's very low. I thought your spell is doing enough damage. Okay, Elenia. No, hold on. I'm gonna... Misty step. I'm gonna Misty step behind Elenia. Which one are you doing? The healing one. Okay. 1d8 bless charisma. You must serve. I'm gonna have Misty Step over here. And I'm gonna heal Elenia for 1d8 plus 4. Imagine... So, 7 plus 4, whatever that is. Okay, 11 HP back, Elenia. Okay, die. Leora, I can let you do a wisdom saving throw. Yes. There's a wave in there. Loda! Save the wisdom. Unfortunately. The path is 2 of its 18. Anyways, good night. Good night again. Alright, Elenia. Didn't you have inspiration? Can you even use inspiration? No. And you can give him your inspiration. I can give him. Leora can have mine. Yes, I can. You can roll again, Leora. Okay, I'm gonna use a second level Snowball Swarm in front of me. Oh! Where exactly? Here. Okay. Nothing is there unfortunately. The area that thing has I wish it was kind of big. Guys, it's time to fireball. I mean, I would... How do we wake you up? Hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up. I'm gonna... Dragon Breath to my other side as well. Ok, which side? I'll draw it out. Where the f**k? Where is the drawing thing wrong there? Oh no. It should be like this big. Oh, this big. No one is there! Bro, at this point we should just give up and let Minerva die, bro. She's gonna die anyway. I mean you have to kill the hags. Yeah, I mean she's gonna die anyway. The haggis is permanently invisible. Can't do anything about her. Um... If your snowball thing was slightly more bigger, it is a second. The bitch attacks... Okay, does nothing. Oh, it does. The bitch attacks... damage. And is there any bonus action? No. I take 5 damage. You take 5 damage. Okay. In our order, Neblet, sorry. Neblet. Okay, next half their turn now. What happened to their... Yes. Hold on. The place is gonna fly and the place is gonna switch off. Yes, please. I'll stay here. Next was meant to have a turn. I'll put next. I'll put this. What was the... What the fuck? Wasn't there supposed to be a headdance? Or am I missing you? Oh yeah, there is a headdance. I think it's supposed to be fun. Yeah. What the fuck? Oh God. Yeah, it'll take three times. Unforgiment. Now we're to Nexus. Nexus. Yeah. Come on Nyx! Okay so fucking hell from the beginning of the game Nyx had thanks to Will was able to use Dragon's Breath and I couldn't use it! It's time! Nyx is gonna move closer to Elenia. Where the fuck is the shape for Dragon's Breath? Give me a second. 15 foot phone oh damn that thing is big as hell like this are you sure? hold on we're trying the thing is exploding one second Can you like move the breath a bit up? Can you do that? A bit up? Like this? I think so. Like that? A bit up. Because she wasn't in the ice cone, you know? She wasn't in the ice circle. Hold on. Oh my god, what is happening? I don't know. I don't want to hit Eleni, that's the f**king problem. Don't worry, I won't let that work. I just want a general area where the hugging witch might be. So we'll just do something like this. I hope. Oh my god. Nix is successfully able to hit the hag. Oh fuck off! Fuck off! Now it is a bit tight. Oh, gay! Oh my god! Nixie, I knew you had it in you. Oh my god, baby! This is ready for a win. And because of that, For my turn, what I'm gonna do is do another chromatic orb We are- by the way, can we get hit by the Chromatogore? I don't think so right? No no, only enemies. It's a strike thing, not a- That hits right? What? Her DC is 17. Oh my god. Give me back my inspiration! Oh my god. How do you give it back? You got an inspiration for spotting the hag. Ah yes. Do you have anything else? Do you have inspiration? Any bonus action? No, I don't have... Wait, I had an inspiration though. You used it. You used it. No, like before. No, you did not. Yes. I can just get a 20 on the initiative so I'm just saying. I'm just saying. Sure. You can do that. Roll it again. Okay. Oh God, please. It hurts. Okay. There's a double number! Hold on! She dies anyways! Yeah, no, the second hag has to get hit too now. Okay, so this one hits the blue one. And then I'm gonna do... I should do this. And then I'm gonna do another one. Fingers crossed. Fucking hell! Oh, it's fine, it's fine. It's not dead! No, no, are you kidding me? I am not kidding you, her HP was 19, I'm so sorry. Wait, what? Wait, what? Wait, what? She's alive? Nooo... Her HP was 19. My total health is 112. Yes. Oh god... Wait, I
Page 25

wanna... One second, one second, one second, I'm gonna... How much can you move? I wanna see if I can do something. How much speed does the stag have? You have 50 speed. Since she's inside the dragon's bridge, she's gonna take damage, no? No, next, next, next. Oh my god. Is there even gonna be a next one? Listen, listen, listen. The stag's gonna go around like this. Go around. The lady is right. No no no, it's just a single thing. Oh my god, there's so many shapes. I lost this tag. The staff already is average though. With the... It's fine. It just needs to hit, but I can't access this tag anymore. Hold on. There it is. Listen. Please. Kill myself. On the on the hag's turn she takes damage from the dragon's wrath. No, it's on her turn every time it's her turn she will take That's what I was asking. You were like, no, the next turn. I thought you went the next round. Yeah, that's after next turn, yes. Next turn or now? The next turn means after Bale's turn. Okay. Die, bitch, die. The bitch dies, but you hear this same laughter echoing in the room and fills your ears. Is the cage open? Is the cage fine now? Is Minerva fine now? Eloi? The thing that was wrapped around Minerva has now faded and Minerva has fallen on the ground. Oh my god. Alright. God, I'm stressed. Dunya, where is your turn? Why are you stressed? I was stressed. Wait, wait, wait. Hold on. Wait, cooking, cooking. Cooking. Oh, we're going, keep going. Let's go and the green fag dies. And you have successfully defeated the hack. Also, and as they dissipate, all of them, They gave us 20 psychic damage from all that shit, whatever they did to us. and all of you receive a level up and some rewards of course. Oh thank god. What? What, Leora? Can I move now? Yes, you can. Obviously. I have been in a new one for now. Go join just to fall asleep. Anyways... Oh god, that was so stressful. Can we stop this music now? Please! Yes, yes. Hold on. Hold on. Let me make it sexier music. Next to God, Muzavec. So, how do you guys see after that? Oh my goodness. Very skibbity. I mean, how does your character feel after that? Well, it is exhausted, mentally and physically. Dunabia, how do you feel? I'm checking up on Minerva to see if they are like injured. I want you to do a medicine check. Of course you do, I have minus one. I mean you have a friend Moonza. I can do, I have a plus two. That didn't matter much. Did you do somebody else? Luckily she was only incapacitated and was not harmed in any other way. They were. Can I check on... Oh actually I'm just gonna pick up Nix in my arms and give her hugs bro. Is there a way to wake them up? You can wake them up, yes. And uh... You notice that their eyes slowly begin to open and the first thing they see is you. Yes. Now... Now... The kid... I'm kidding. No, don't worry, it's not bad, but like they are... they are happy but they are nauseous, kind of, if you know. Can I give them water to drink? Just like summon water. You gonna put your finger in their mouth? Is there a mug on the table? There has to be no. Uh, yes. Can I actually look at the water in the glass? Check on Jeffrey. Jeffrey is By the way, before all of that, you guys need your rewards, no? Oh, yes. Okay, so from the hags themselves, they have something called a... hold on... a Wormin's Eye Amulet. It allows the wearer to cast Find Familiar or Beastborn, especially on insects. And, uh... yeah, the other thing is... It's light lantern, a lantern fueled by memories. It can cut through magical fog, like, you know, and illusions. So you can see through illusion. Oh, that is. That is good. 30 feet. Yep. I am gonna tell you. And it can also stop any kind of falsehood in the vicinity. Not exactly, but you can say you can do a successful insight basically. And there is a page that is that belongs to your grimoire. Wait, oh, it's a missing page from your grimoire and it allows you to increase your strength and nix strength more. Wait, I'm not gonna have minus one strength anymore. I didn't mean that strength. I meant like, yeah, okay. And You get a new spell. Do you have major image? A spell called major image. Major image... I have mirror image. No, I have major image, yes. Yeah. I'll tell you that later, the spell you get. For turn of air, it's a vial of essence. You can apply this to your, you know, heirloom and it can grant you a temporary boost to your Warlock powers and gives you a deeper connection to your patron. Warlock what? Warlock what? Powers, like temporarily boost your Warlock powers. Yeah, I'll give you the specifics on that later. and Alenia you might be you can recover a specific memory from your first 100 years. And Laura... Where is the prospect of being? He's... He's where? Hello? On March? He's been like at least 17 years by the way. Like if somebody has him on call and somebody else he's talking from call or something. Okay okay. What are you saying? What was I saying? Okay Leora gets a gray shawl that you find like on the Night Hag and this gray shawl allows you to trigger... Oh my god. Hold on. Hold on. Actually, wait, wait. Once per long rest, I'm not gonna let you cast the 100 every long list. I can choose. You can choose any one of them except the blue and the right. Let me at least use blue or red. No. There are other powerful ones in there. Yeah. Yeah. Which is good. So Disturbia, you have competition with your shawl. The shawl is also sparkly. Like it's a tattered shawl, grey shawl. It's sparkly as well. But it smells like the shadow. Who got it?
Page 26

Leora. That's fine then. What do you mean by competition? It's competition against your shawl. You know I'm the most fabulous here so there's no competition in there. Do you guys want to know something stupid? No, yes. I had a spell called Detect thoughts. And I did it all. Thank you. Thank you for this information. Someone remind me next time. By the way, I was relying on that to happen, Bernard. You piece of shit! What? It's not my fault. Oh, it's not. It's mine. I forgot what spells I had. We would have been saved like 2 hours of torture by going in circles. At least you faced the torture. At least we won. Ok now you guys can do what you want to do. Can we stop at 20 am? Yes you can stop. Is there a way to revive Sofia? Jeffrey is gonna be so wet. Bro, just tell him what happens, bro. Move on. You find a revival fire on the ground. Oh! It's so convenient! So convenient! Yes! I'm just kidding, you don't. Okay. Bruh. Yep, I'm leaving. Technically, there is... No, you can find one. You can find one. I was just gonna give it to you. There, somewhere. Can my spirit come in handy? I don't know. Oh my god! So anyways, Vale finds the Revival file. Oh my god. Anyways. and you have successfully revived Sophia. There we go. Yep. Though she is unconscious, but yes. Let's just end it here. Yeah, let's just end it here. Yes, sir. The fact that Kanjai gave it to the final was incapacitated the whole time. Bro, I wanted to use a fireboard and thunder and everything. You were just HP founder. By the way, Kizuro, you said that we could do something, like make him, you know, I don't know, I don't know if you have anything to remember. Maybe if you had something like silence, protection from magic and evil, or something along the lines of being able to break her constipation or remove her. I think I have... No, I don't have silence. I didn't have anything. I mean, yeah, it's quite good. The thing is, you need to target the thing, but if the thing is invisible, you can't target it. Yeah, Nix, Nix, Nix, pull through. Okay. Yeah, Nix, stop the record. The funny thing is, Nix was kissing literally like in front of the fucking thing. Yeah, yeah. I was like, I recall you showed the hang just pop up, I was like, maybe you didn't move it, just kinda yeet it right there. No, it was moved, but then I put it back later. So you put it back there so that we could just end it? I know I was I was trying to see whether you see it or not whether you like think if she's still there or not. Oh, I was like I'll take a chance. Because you gave the hint I was like take it. But anyways. And you did say if you're fire if you're like ice thingy was a
Page 27

