13
March 8, 2026
Session Summary
The party explored the ruined remnants of the Crawling Spider tavern, now an under-construction merchant shop called Impenders. Dernavir uncovered a golden crescent key, a staff portrait, a bloodied mask, Mama J's note revealing Serana's departure, and a tiara in a hidden hatch. Upstairs, they looted Serana's notebook with song lyrics and a sketch, Dernavir's trinkets, Mama J's intact paintings and furniture into a pocket dimension, and triggered an explosion from a trapped book in Sylvia's raided room. With loot securing citizen passes, they departed after briefing the vampire patrol leader. Journeying to Dernavir's wizard tower home, they dispelled a destruction illusion, entered to trigger Dernavir's old fart gas trap on the stairs, found mana control books and a human illusion spell scroll in the study, and activated a crystal ball that pulled them inside, ending on a cliffhanger.
Timeline of Events
1. Entered Impenders (former Crawling Spider) at 3 AM, found golden crescent key amid debris. 2. Perception checks revealed staff portrait and counter crest matching key. 3. Opened hidden hatch: retrieved bloodied mask, Mama J's note about Serana leaving, tiara. 4. Explored upstairs: Serana's room yielded notebook with lyrics and Dernavir sketch. 5. Dernavir's room: collected 11 trinkets including possible rare magic item. 6. Mama J's intact room: pocketed paintings, furniture despite bed-moving struggles. 7. Sylvia's raided room: pulled trapped book from bed, exploded on face, arcana dispelled ward
revealing burned scientific sketches. 8. Vampire patrol leader noted, departed after sewer guild directions. 9. Dispelled illusion on destroyed-looking wizard tower of Nailon/Nihilo, revealing intact structure. 10. Entered tower: lights auto-ignited, perception found no threats downstairs. 11. Triggered fart gas trap on stairs (Dernavir's 5-year-old prank). 12. Study: looted human illusion spell scroll from books on mana control; crystal ball activated,
trapping party inside.
Page 1

Characters & NPCs
Monerva
Vampire patrol Sold citizen passes for 300 gold, knows Weldren from childhood, directs to sewers guild.
Serana
Former Crawling Spider worker Left city without word after terrible night.
Mama J
Crawling Spider figure Wrote note holding items, fabulous intact room, hopes Tachiko safe.
Weldren
Famous personality Known for charity, helped Monerva as child.
Nailon
Grumpy wizard, adopted father Tower owner, illusion and traps like gas, taught mana control.
Sylvia
Deceased brother Raided room with trapped book ward.
Astri
Party member Involved in exploration, strength checks.
Locations
Dock Ward
Arrived area that looks different, dying mood, vampire lady mentioned citizen passes costing 300 gold.
Page 2

Impenders
Former Crawling Spider tavern, now dark merchant shop under construction with destroyed counter, found golden key with crescent, portrait, bloodied mask, note, tiara.
Wizard Tower
Secluded tree pathway, illusory destruction hiding intact structure with dining area, spiral stairs, gas trap, study with books, crystal ball.
Sewers
Vampire guild location: go down, right, then right.
Loot & Items
Golden key with crescent
Shiny golden key hidden in bricks Found in Impenders (former Crawling Spider) shop
Crawling Spider staff portrait
Half-torn painting of staff including Serana, brother, Dernavir, Mama J Lifted from under rocks
Bloodied mask
Unknown origin, bloodied, not wolf mask Found in hatch behind counter
Mama J's note
Mentions Serana left city, hopes Dernavir safe, trouble awaits, asks about Tachiko Hidden in hatch
Silver tiara
Personal significance to Dernavir Found in hatch
Serana's notebook
Song lyrics, musical notes to 'Hips Don't Lie', sketch of Dernavir without antlers Under bed in Serana's room
Page 3

Charred masquerade dress
Half-charred dress from masquerade ball Under dress in Durnavir's room
Mama J's paintings (x2)
Intact paintings in fabulous room Taken as souvenirs into pocket dimension
Mama J's furniture (x4)
Intact golden-accented furniture including chair, bed Moved to pocket dimension after strength checks
Trinkets (x11)
Glowy possessions, gemstones, shiny rocks; 11 total, one possibly rare magic item From Durnavir's room, to be identified/sold later
Trapped book
Exploding ward dissipated; burned pages with scientific contraptions sketches Taped under Sylvia's bed, exploded on removal
Human Illusion spell scroll
Creates believable illusion of any human (human race) Found in Naila's study books
Combat Encounters
Encounter at Sylvia's room (Crawling Spider)
Enemies: Outcome: Trap triggered: book exploded, no damage
Memorable Quotes
"Brother listen! I say you know when half child half sparkly look will look good on you." -- Astri
Page 4

"Astri what if it's a mimic you know? I don't think you want Mama J's bed to be a mimic. Mama J was a very interesting lady."
-- Vale

"You fucking trap? I got hit by my own trap."

-- Dernavir

Next Steps

· Escape or navigate inside the crystal ball. · Confront or communicate with Nailon/Nihilo. · Visit sewers guild as suggested. · Secure citizen passes with looted gold.

Page 5

Session Transcript
The watch too, you know? Yeah. The vault. We are unauthorized citizens. We had to find a way to get the money or the fake. What the fuck is flying over my head? Yeah. Okay, I'm here. The amount of money I've killed with my hands. and they still don't know anything. Astri, if only I could do that. I just let them eat me. Okay. Oh my. Totally not. Totally not something central. Okay. Let me play some music. I guess this is it working? Oh my god! No! Not this! Not this one! Don't worry! This one! So what shall we do? Now there's just the two of us. Let's recap a little bit more. So you arrived in the dock ward after getting fucked in the No, we did not. You didn't get fucked, but you were kind of fucked. You came out of the place. You saw the place, the dock hold looks very different from how you remember it. like Dredovia and it seems like everyone's mood is dying and the vampire lady tells you that you paid 300 gold to make citizen passes and she is unyielding on that decision unless you could probably do something about that but there are other places that you looked at wait only one place I looked at The tavern that Dunway used to work at, the crawling spider is now a merchant shop named... What the fuck was the name? It's called Impenders Impenders is the crawling spider downgrade The merchant shop appears to be open but it's like there's no lights inside and it's dark. You said the doors are still under construction last session. Yeah, it's open but it is under construction. There's nobody inside? Do you want to go inside and check out? Yes, yes. Okay, as you go inside you see the there are bricks laid out, there's cement, there seems to be like a picture in one of the like in one of the bricks in between them like in the cracks and it looks rather worn out and on the other side like where There used to be the... what's the thing called? Where you sit in a bar? You know what I mean. It's like... The counter looks completely destroyed. The wine bottles are all falling down. The cupboards where they put the lines are also broken and there is something shining there perhaps and like Dernavir, how do you feel looking at this mess? I feel like my heart is about to explode. It's like... I'm like... Why am I almost stuck with emotional situations? Yes, challenging. I'm not good at them IRL or other characters. Yes. You said there was something shiny? Yes. I would like you to do a perception check to find out like where the shine is coming. Because like it's like you can't necessarily make out which point the shine is from. Did it go through? Why is my thing not... Wait did I do it twice? Okay well... When I am trying the button is not working. No no no no it's that better we are trying to... Why is it showing me so many dice rolls? I only clicked it once. What's happening? I don't know. Maybe it's showing whales because there's this thing where now it can show you other players. Oh, I see. There are a lot of dice rolls happening on my screen. Why? I don't know. But if you like... Yeah, Astri... Do we get anything? Okay. Okay, you find this key that's hidden like it's like a golden key with like a A crescent on it. Do you recognize it? I don't know, can you do a history check? You know I was waiting for something angsty like the tiara. If I find the tiara on the ground of brother I would have. Oh yes. Don't give him ideas, what is wrong with it? Unfortunately, you are unable to recognize the crescent on the key. Yes. And we will never know what that key opens. We will never know what that key opens. Yeah, and is there anybody like you know a living breathing person around or is just Since it's like 3am, there's like no one here. Oh right, we came here in the world of the night. So we just passed into this building. Are we trespassing? You are. But do we care? No. You are a future type of Hollywood. Yep, I knew it. Oh my god, Whale got a 15. I did? It's so slow on my screen. Did you do it? Yeah, I did it, but it's so slow on my screen. Yeah, it showed 15, it was 16. Damn, Whale! Damn! Where did all that strength come from? How do I not see it? Why do you guys see it? It's a 16. Oh, okay. Um, no, no, no, I meant like, like how The dice? You saw the dice here. Do I have stream thing on? I don't have it on. How do I stream? I don't know. I have no idea. Okay, let's just ignore that. Okay, so somehow you're able to lift up Lift up the rocks and you find the portrait that is like half torn out. This isn't a portrait, it's more so a painting of everyone that used to work at the crawling spider. This has Serana, her brother, you, Mama, and other people that you recognize. I'm gonna cry. I just... Can I... Can I... Yes. Yes. I'll just take it from you. I just stare at the painting. Do a perception check. Oh no! Do a perception check for this? I am grieving here! I am grieving here! You're staring at it, okay? Like there's something happening. Okay, okay. Fourteen. Okay. Okay. So you noticed that this painting was taken in the, like, next to the counter and there appears to be a crescent
Page 6

shape on the right side of the counter. Ooh! Yes. Why are you overheating? What is wrong with you? I wasn't even on for that long. Just started. Am I back yet? Am I back yet? Hello? There we go, what the fuck? I also... I just connected one second. What happened? Oh no, I just did an investigation check and got a net 20 through the power of love and friendship. But the minus one fucked me up. Now it's 19. A crit is a crit. I don't know what to do. Did I miss anything? I just remembered the crest next to the counter. Yeah, then we are investigating the counter. Okay. You do that. Okay. Go ahead. Okay. So, you notice that there appears to be, like, on the Like, behind the counter there's a keyhole that is... that you can indeed open. A hatch? Yes! The key in the keyhole! The key in the keyhole! Okay... One second... Uhhhh... I can't wait no longer! No, it's not bad, it's looking kind of... zoned out. That's fair, actually. Where is it? Where is it? The vampires are getting this watching from the shadows. As they do. As they show you. Hold on. Well you think I'm gonna go get a glass of water. No no I found it. Okay so there is Okay, so there's like a few things in here. There's a mask. Oh my god! What mask DM? Do a history check. Oh my god! Don't do this to me! It's only been an year. Why do I need to do a history check? It's not been an year. What did you see? I got a fool. I got a fool. Don't do this to me. Where did the mask come from dear? This is... this... All you know is like it's either you that wore the mask or someone else. Someone else? Yes, your dumb ass can't make out who that wore. If it is a wolf mask then I should be able to make out It is not a wolf mask. Okay, fine. I'm taking the mask. Okay. This mask is bloodied by the way. Oh no. Oh my god. Alongside the mask, there is a note. Read the note? Okay. Do I need to do a history check to read the note now? No, no. Okay, what does the note say? Give him a second. My hands are falling. As I hold the note. By the way, apart from the note, there's the tiara. Silver lock? I don't remember the significance of this. It's like I'm being hit by daggers. Multiple times. We're just seeing that we're from metal down in real time. What does the talk say Dale? Yes, yes, it's gonna pop up in like two minutes. One second. Yeah, he's looking for ways to traumatize me further. It's fine. Let him take his time. Okay, this has to be Mama J. Um, yes. Yes. Sierra left the city? Wait, what happened is I can't see anything. It's in the chat. Oh, I can't see it for some reason. I don't know. I don't know what's happening. Okay, so the... Okay, I'll read it out loud. So it says, Where my child, I held onto these after that terrible night. Serana left the city without saying a word. I hope you won't be gone too long. Be safe, trouble awaits us. Where is Tachiko? And where is Mama J? I just hope she is safe. I just hope they are both safe. What does she mean by trouble awaits us? Anyways... Girl, I need to check up on my phone. My family. Okay, so like first, there is still the upstairs left. Oh my, the upstairs where we... Okay. Anyway. Okay, so... Yes, go upstairs. You go upstairs and you see that there are planks of wood scattered around and broken. There's like residue of charred planks as well. Charred what? Yeah, it works fine. It works fine. So, there's like charred residue ashes and wooden planks carrying around and there are like four doors that Renovier does know very well. One of them seems to be broken and like falling down. One of them has a hole in it. One of them is slightly open and the other one isn't even there. Oh no. Oh my god. Which one... Which one is... Which one is, you know, the room where we... I wanna check that out. Okay. Um, uh, Sarada's room is the one that is, uh, looks obliterated. And, um, this room has a closet. There's like a room with a bed. No, I mean, no, there's a bed. There's a dresser. There is a mirror. and there seems to be something below the bed. The music is a bit too upbeat for this. Okay. Something below the bed. Can I reach out and take it? Yes, and you see that it's... It appears to be a notebook. It is her notebook, isn't it? Yes, it is. Can I read the first page of the notebook and see if I can, you know, finish to read further? Okay, the first page of the notebook has songs, lyrics inscribed on them and there is a, you know, what's the thing called? They have written music. Like it's those symbols of written music. Oh yeah, the notes, the musical notes. The musical notes to hips don't play. and there is also a sketch of you. Oh my god. Me without my endless. Like I'm looking at a different person. Oh no. Yeah, Whale is looking at all this drama. You can do other things if you want. Like you know, whatever you're good at. Blowing stuff? That's Leora's job. What other rooms were there? There are three other rooms. One of them is like, what was it? One of them is like gone, the door is gone. The other one had a hole in between and the other one was slightly open. I wanna go in the room. Which room are we in right now? One second. You are in the room that the door looks obliterated. This room belongs to Derdillion. Yeah, go ahead. I'm just sitting on the bed with the notebook and I'm like completely out of it. Okay. In this room, the layout is the same as the other room, but it has a lot of trinkets, a lot of possessions, that Durnavier may have left behind in a hurry. There's a lot of glowy stuff. And there's also piles of paper and a dress that
Page 7

they wore a long time ago, perhaps. It looks very charred. Oh my god. I was about to be... I don't know... You know you made me have hope and then you took it away and she turned it into pieces. Aha, mom. Yes. You can look at it. Dadaweer doesn't know you're doing this right now. True. Okay. Okay, so do a perception check. Oh my god! What did she get? She got a tooth! She got a tooth! You can investigate as well! What is happening? As you pick up the dress, you notice there's also a mask below. I know. Can you do a history check there? No, no, no. Can you do a history check now? No, no. This clothing appears to be that of a masquerade ball and Are they also charred or... The whole dress is full of them but it's half charred. Does that make sense? So it's like the bed and everything else. It's kind of charred from the past. I come from behind with... Brother listen! I say you know when half child half sparkly look will look good on you. Okay one second I'm not wearing a dumb dress. It just suits your vibe you know. My vibe is not a dress let alone a sparkly one. Well you never know unless you try it on. Nooo! What the heck? Don't be deflecting my drama by... I don't know... Whatever this is... What is happening? I don't know... Okay, where are you gonna go from here? There's nothing else... In the room... It's like the same layout as the other one. and you still haven't fully explored either one. Let's go to the door with the hole. Sure. This room is Mama J's. Oh my god. You would faint if you saw Mama J. Really? In this room, this room is rather fabulous. It's so big. It has a lot of intricate objects and there's like golden accents on all the furniture. It looks expensive. It looks very Mama J. You know, there's So is the furniture like... is the furniture intact or is it destroyed? The furniture is... appears intact weirdly so... Let's move it to our pocket dimension. I mean if you want, go ahead. Arin, there's no one around you, right? No, there isn't. I'm gonna pull it up on my phone one second. Whatever you're sending me, I don't trust you. I like how you had to ask her. Bring her back! You put it on spoiler, right? It's not the full one, it's the half one. The wips are here. It's gonna be... Astri In this room there's also like paintings of art and these paintings are also intact. I'll take the paintings too as a souvenir. I will not let these watch or whatever whoever is reinstating this property take these things you know. I'm gonna take everything out of spite. I just have the pocket dimension open and just letting Dunaware move and thank you. This style looks so weird if you think about it. Yeah. I have to love Dunaware. Dunaware, you know what? Um... Do my stretch. It's net 20 minus 9 okay? Okay so like basically you get everything except the pad and the... Oh no no no no no no hold on hold on. We just did a 14 strength check okay? Me and Will can take it together. The pad. Can take it together. So, how do you... I wanna know in detail how you do this, accomplish this. Do you know where you first shared Alpo? Yes. Just do bunch of... Bunch of wistie steps. What the fuck? How is that gonna work? Hold on Will, do you not have like a spell to you know? I will just banish the bed into the bucket dimension I can do that you know. Alright fine fine. Just push it goddammit. Fine fine. You could only do that if the bed was a creature. Astri what if it's a mimic you know? I don't think you want Mama J's bed to be a mimic. Mama J was a very interesting lady. Anyways! We push and push and push. If Boris was there, he would just use his one hand to pick it up. Okay, so... Just move all the paintings and find the chair into the park. It's just turning the rest of a camp and more of a home. I'm not doing anything behind. But thank you for helping me. Well, you didn't have to. It's like you're stuck with me. I wonder why. But we are getting you out of these racks soon. I have a clock! It's 5! Okay, okay. Anyways. So there's only one room left. Let's go there. This is gonna be the most traumatizing I feel like. This room belongs to Sylvia. Come back to haunt me. Come back to haunt me. This is the brother that died. The guest. What? What? No, the letter was from Mama J. Sylvia is dead. Unless dad can write letters. And Serena left the city. She is alive but we don't know where she is. It's like this room has been raided or something. You can do an investigation chart. Go ahead, Waze. Use your eyes. No, I feel the last one pretty badly. No, no, no. This one is triptane. This one is triptane. It's fine. Okay. Why can't you see them before I can? I don't know. You notice that there seems to be a situation where these, the cupboard and the drawers, like doors, were open rather fast and as if someone was trying to take everything from here. Like one person maybe. What? Okay. Yes. And there is also Something still attached to the bed below. What is it? Go check it out. Very crazy. This is like something taped. It's like a... It's a book taped below the bed. Is it his diary? You can try to. Take it out. Do a strength check. Yes, do a strength check. Do a strength check. Vale is having more strength than me. I pressed a button. I did not need to. Fifteen. Fifteen. As you do that, it explodes. What the fuck? The notebook? Yeah, it explodes. and causes you to fall back a bit slightly. And your face has black on it. Oh my god, what the fuck was it? Do I look okay? Do you see my face? It's like my past exploded in my face, Vale. It's not okay. What the
Page 8

f**k is happening in this room? It looks like somebody raided it and why this room only and also why was there a trap attached to the bed? It's like somebody wanted to get me or something. And Sylvia is long dead. He would pull something like this. I'm just confused. The exploded poke is still there. It didn't explode? No, it's exploded but not completely. Can we touch it without it exploding for the second time? Do an Arcana deck or something. Yes. We'll go ahead. What deck? Arcana. Okay. This should work. It's gonna be like a minimum of 11 anyway since I have a plus 10 on it. It's like... Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Then we're fine. It's going to be 10 plus 10. Okay, so in this book had a ward on it to cast off any intruders. This ward is now dissipated from the book. Okay. But why? Did Sylvia do it or did someone else do it? I'm so confused. For now, let's just pick it up and see if it has anything useful. It just had the word, no? Or does it have anything else? Does the book inside have anything interesting? No, the word was in the book, no? It wasn't in the book, it was like on the book. Oh, I see. Do we get to see what's inside the book now? Inside the book, it's very boring. and extremely burned and there is nothing you can clearly make out. So you're saying that I fucked up by trying to pull the book out and everything exploded and everything? Mayhaps. Mayhaps. And who would have seen it coming? Who would have seen it coming? I don't know what's saying but there seems to be sketched out images of... It's like some scientific contraptions. You don't really know what they are. Yes. Okay. I removed the word but okay. That was all the rules. But before we leave, I want to go back inside my room and take all the trinkets. Yes, you had a reflection in there. I'm taking everything, even the child dresses. Even the child dresses. Okay. Can it be enough to get us all 3? How much? There is 499 pieces. I remember 499. We had enough gold for 3 people. I think we just needed one more? So that should be enough. We in linea had 300 I don't know but Liora had 20 something. I forgot about them. How much did it actually cost to make one? 300? 300. Yeah. I had a 100. Yeah, I guess that could work. I think this is enough now. I don't remember how much. It'll make things easier, no? I was thinking of using old, you know, subtitles, but okay. Let's explore our options. And by the way, during the year you can let those trinkets be anything you want. There's around like 11 of them. Yeah. 11? Yeah. There can be like one possibly rare magic item that you can decide in your feed time at some point. Most trinkets would be like gemstones and shiny rocks. I have noticed that you carry some trinkets in that satchel of yours. I'm emotionally constipated. I can't hold on. I've broken him. I've broken him. It's just the imagery of Will just standing in Dungeons & Dragons opening the satchel and putting... It's fine, thank you. I'm guessing all the rooms are explored? Yes. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Yeah, I just take like one last Lingering look at Serana's room. We head out of the tavern. It's not through a tavern anymore. The vampire approaches and says, so how did it turn out? What do you find? I still have the black thingy on my face. Do you think I look Yeah, I don't think so. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah, we can move on, I guess. I would rather not discuss it. Okay. We wanted to look for... What was the nam man's name again? I can't even forget it. Uh, Domini. You can It's very ominous. So, I obviously know the way to my home. Yes. Don't do a history check. Oh my god, no one can't answer. No, no, no, no, no, no. I'm not that retarded. What do we say to this lady? Is she gonna follow us? Or... You have to ask her first, not me. Or maybe I can ask her about my brother. My brother was like a well-known personality. Alright, I'll just ask her. I'm gonna ask her. Do you perhaps know a Weldren? He was, you know, quite the famous person in this world. And she looks at you and and she chuckles a bit and she says, oh that silly old fool, of course I know him. How do you know him? I just said that he was a famous for charity but like, I didn't know. When I was a little girl he helped me out with a few things and I've always looked up to him. I'm rather not sure. Things have been rather weird lately. I can only know the safety of my own guild. I can't say much. I mean, I don't know where he lives. Why are you asking? No, no, no, I'm not asking her. I'm not asking her. I'm just... If she... What do I tell her? I'm gonna go meet him. She doesn't know how I relate to him. You can... talk. I mean, she doesn't have to know. I'm just saying that... You don't have to tell her, but you can just say that, you know... I don't know. Weldron. Oh, I see. Yeah, so you can accompany us or I don't know, do whatever it is that vampires do. I prefer not to. I have my own duties to take care of. And I'm sorry, I'm already late. I'm already late to, you know, finish my patrol. Maybe when you're done, You can come meet me below in the sewers. I'll be like... Just go down, take a right, and another right, and you'll find our guild. Sewers, right and right. Noted. Thank you for your help so far. Yes, I shall be on my way. Take care. And she leaves. Ah yes, Monerva. Completely forgetting more. Ah yes. Face the music. I have to cross the bridge, you know? So... How do I navigate my way to my own home? Do I need to do a history check? Or some type of other
Page 9

check? I'm just reading my eyes. You... You notice that there are a lot of places around you. like familiar places that you used to know are now rather different. And there's like this morning that puts up inside you perhaps. And as you go along the way, you find the way to, you know, the estate that you're It's not an estate, exactly, but it's a place where there's a lot of trees that could like... there's a lot of trees and it's like a very secluded place and you go through this pathway of trees and you reach a tower that is the most familiar to you. Literally the wizard tower, oh my god. I didn't know where you did that. That is so cool. However, this tower appears rather destroying. The way my smile dropped, you piece of shit. It looks very Oh my fucking god. I did- I was dead hyperventilating on this part. Hold on, Denivere. Hold on. You don't want to come here. Don't do that. It's destroyed my home. They destroyed my home! And then I take shaky steps towards the tower and... yeah. And I fall on my knees. Well, what would you like to do in this situation? I do feel tears coming out of my eyes but I also feel this immense rage inside me. I'm like I don't I'm gonna destroy whoever did this. Everything away from me. Well, as... Yeah, continue. No, you continue. You continue first. It's not a dialogue. It's not a dialogue. It was something else. Okay. So, well, as you are trying to comfort Dernavir, you feel It's something... like it feels very close to you. What? It's coming from the tower. What? A rather familiar... a rather familiar... you know, feeling. Why am I getting this? Is it a grave war? What would you like to do? I look at Dunja where but then I slowly get up and walk towards the tower. As you walk towards the tower, you feel this feeling that more and more strengthened. So as you get close to the tower, you feel... you see like the remnants of this tower have this ripply effect around it that you know the magic of, that you're very familiar with. It's an illusion. It took me a second! Okay! Uhhh... What the hell? You're a tough freak! Can I dispel it? Yes, you can! Okay, I... I'm still like... I'm still looking down at the ground and I'm like... I'm not paying attention at all. But where's gonna be the hand for? Okay, so this magic around the tower begins to slowly dissipate and you notice that the tower looks rather intact. I'm just looking up I look up and tears fall from my eyes and then I see the tower. Did you see the tower hanging? Oh my fucking god Nylons! Oh my fucking god! Oh no! I should have known that grumpy wizard would pull something like this. Did everyone, I'm assuming that since the illusion was dispelled the people inside would have noticed no? Is there anyone inside? Maybe. Am I about to get attacked? Well, if you were, you know, if you weren't like touched and embarrassed or something, I would have had to but yeah. So... Yeah, I get up and move towards the door. Every time I touch a door or something goes wrong. Luckily this time you weren't the one who touched the boughdar explosion. Oh my gosh! Hopefully there aren't no words on this door but knowing Nihilo there probably are. But hopefully, I don't know, my presence would be familiar for the word to not activate. The door as you knock it, nothing happens. No sound, no nothing. So are there any windows? Can we check if the door is even unlocked or not before we start climbing through windows? I'm just saying if we can see anything through a window. I didn't even suggest climbing, it was all you! It was all you! Thanks for the idea! Thanks for the idea! We will keep it in mind. So, is the door unlocked? Or are there any windows? There are also windows. And the door is seemingly unlocked. This is so weird! We were both in the middle. Hold on, hold on. Did you say Birata? I think so, her voice cut out. Why am I stuck? I am maybe a bit fucked. What happened? They're back? I'm so mad at my mom. It's like a cousin who annoys me a lot. I mean I can, but it would be weird. You're in another interest. Whatever you prefer, you can leave and we can end the session. I won't be able to sleep on this cliffhanger. We have like 15 more minutes, I think we can do it. Yes... Can I... Yeah... You peek inside... You peek inside... As you open the door... Like are you just peeking or opening the door? I'm peeking by opening the door. How else are we going to peek inside? There's also slightly located fully open the door. I'm cracking the door open slightly. Yeah, not bursting in. The room looks very dark inside, even for your eyes. Interesting. Even for my eyes. Not even my glowing antlers can show the way. What the fuck? If from that's what you see right now, are you gonna go in? Well, is this another illusion? Can I check if there's another illusion? Sure, go ahead. Arcana check. Oh damn, 16. 26. I love that I have so much Arcana. So, damn. Be patient. There is one. 36 for one. On ease of mind. So there's no illusion. Yes. Wanna go inside? But it's very dark. What if we trip on a... You can find a torch or something to light up. Wait, no, hold on. Before I'm stupid, I'm I have a lamp, I have a lamp before I forgot. Okay, as soon as you take out the lamp, you realize that the place begins to lighten up and the torches are lit and your attempt to take out the light doesn't benefit you. Listen, at least I remembered, it's fine. Okay. Wait, what? It means that doing that there's no need because the light, you know, there's already light. We walked in and the lights
Page 10

illuminated on the candles that are in the room. It just flickered open, that's what you're saying? Yes. This is like a new mechanism that I don't know about. A lot of renovation has happened in this tower it seems. Inside there's a dining hall. Not a hall, it's like a dining place. And there's a kitchen. There is a couch. And a spiral staircase in the corner. I don't know which dice is mine. You got a 6, I got an 11. Go in for a 10! That was an interesting run. Yeah, so... 11 plus 10 is 21. So... So go ahead. Everything around you seems abandoned. Dust everywhere. and there's nothing of importance in this room specifically. There are... Yeah, unfortunately you can't. You don't know yet. There are? You don't know yet. There are? You were saying something. There are nothing. Alright, can we go up? As you go up the stairs, you You step on one of the stairs and it lets out a gas. What? Yes. It lets out a gas. A gas? It smells a fart. Are you kidding me? I literally said to check for traps and you were like I want you to do a history check again. Oh my god. I wanna know why it's there. I really do. Oh my god, now we will know. You were the one who put this here five years ago that no one has stepped on. What the fuck Dunesha? Let's not talk about this. How did they not notice it was still here? I thought it wasn't bad but I'm getting rid of it. Shit. You fucking trap? I got hit by my own trap. Let's move on. How did I even do that? You are now in the study of nylon. This place has a crystal ball, books of magic, and trinkets, and wizard hats, and a lot of robes, and and nothing else. I want to look through the books. Of course you do! Bless Sand? Of course you do! The wizard finds his wizard tower. Yeah, well, do an investigation. 17 okay so you look through the books and you find that most of them are about controlling your mana hiding your mana or even Creating things out of nothing and many other different types of spells. However, there's also a spell scroll in between the pages. This is a scroll that lets you... How do I describe it? It lets you create an illusion of any human and make it believable. Oh! Any human human? Yes. Human specifically. Human like the human race, not any human race. Yes, human race. No Boris, any race. I also say that I remember Naila trying to teach me all that stuff but it just wasn't for me. I think it would be more useful for you, Will. I guess I would keep it. Imagine you didn't give him permission. Yes, no, this goes straight to my pocket dimension. I was gonna take it anyway, but... Without permission? You! You are raiding my adopted father's study while I am there while I am in the room? Well, to be fair, I don't think we're lost. This was just... Vale has no context. Well, at least he knows I'm spy home, okay? I literally had a mental breakdown when I saw the illusion. But the thing is, I'm literally a kleptomaniac. I can't really judge him. I see things, I steal things. Exactly. No, anyways. There was a crystal ball. Mer mer on the ball. Tell me where my adopted family or whatever. That did not rhyme. I'm sad. Okay. Does it do anything? Uh... Um... Benavir's voice causes the ball to illuminate and As it illuminates, both you and Will seem to not be where they were. Not again! But now. Oh my god, here we go again. You are now inside the balls. I mean the balls. If you want, I'm getting late, I need to sleep. I guess, I guess we can end it. Okay, it's over. My bottle is over. We're stuck in the bottle forever.
Page 11

