15
March 8, 2026
Session Summary
The party dealt with Dunavir getting trapped inside the bypass device after a critical success, producing a magical photo. They solved interconnected puzzles recalling prior challenges--brightest spark, darkest hues, school colors--tugging ethereal strands with help from a starry pink squid entity inside the void. Dunavir emerged covered in permanent ink. They exited via black door back to Nyloth's tower, explored rooms: dispelled illusions, looted robes, jewelry (+3 Sleight of Hand bracelet), emotional photo album revealing family history, Dunavir's nostalgic childhood room, attic slide trap frozen to bypass, hidden compartment with devil cat contracts offering resurrection of Amelia (Nyloth's daughter, unsigned), piano lullaby revealing text. Destroyed wall with Eldritch Blast on bucket trap. Re-illusioned tower as ruined. Headed to South Ward; Dunavir disguised as 'Doris' (hunky elf), deceived guards with dying grandmother story using passes. Entered Tymora's Blessing tavern, flirted lightly, conversed with sorcerer Thea about Dominic (missing translator, prankster), grimoire, new watch with curse symbols.
Timeline of Events
1. Dunavir trapped in bypass device, face appears on moving photo paper. 2. Solved puzzles: history on Nyloth lessons, arcana on interconnected glowing strands/hues,
tugged three dark orange ones simultaneously. 3. Encountered harmless starry pink squid inside void; it drew squiggly weave line with three
sparkles, confirmed all strands key. 4. Emerged ink-covered after strength check on unreachable strand. 5. Exited black door amid liquefying aberration visuals, returned to tower. 6. Recapped prior: tavern loot to pocket dimension, emblem/masks, exploding book, dispelled
tower illusion. 7. Explored study: robes, wizard hats, nearly stole scroll. 8. Triggered/avoided bucket trap via Eldritch Blast, spilled rainbow liquid, wall destroyed. 9. Veldren's room: looted diamond jewelry/bracelet, emotional photo album of Nyloth family
fading smiles. 10. Dunavir's room: star ceiling, tentacle curtains, squid plush, returning daggers, nostalgic
height marks. 11. Attic: stairs-to-slide trap frozen solid to climb. 12. Hidden attic compartment: devil cat contracts for Amelia resurrection (unsigned), ancient
scrolls, piano lullaby glowed/deciphered contracts.
Page 1

13. Left tower, restored ruined illusion. 14. Walked to South Ward entrance amid new watch with curse symbols. 15. Dunavir disguised as 'Doris' hunky elf, changed pass name, deceived guards about dying
grandmother. 16. Entered Tymora's Blessing tavern, ordered special layered drinks, conversed with sorcerer
Thea on Dominic's disappearance, grimoire aura.
Characters & NPCs
Nyloth
Adoptive father, wizard Left tower, has unsigned resurrection contract for daughter Amelia
Veldren
Brother, roommate Shared room with Nyloth, drew family sketches
Magical Squid
Void inhabitant Starry pink entity communicates via ink drawings
Dominique
Sorcerer translator Missing for two years, expert in ancient infernal
Thea
Sorcerer Curious about grimoire, discusses transformations
Locations
Nyloth's Tower
Illusory ruins hiding study, bedrooms, attic with hidden room
Page 2

Bypass Device
Typewriter-like machine generates magical passes, traps users in void
Device Void
Dark space with interconnected glowy strands and pink squid entity
South Ward
Lively district with merchants, taverns, guarded entrance
Tymora's Blessing
Pinkish tavern with butterflies, mostly women and flamboyant men
Loot & Items
Bypass Passes (x3)
Magical passes allowing entry to South Ward without payment Acquired via puzzle-solving in crystal ball device; held by Dunavir and Vail
Diamond Bracelet
+3 Sleight of Hand Found in Weldren's chest
Chest of Gold and Jewelry
Contains significant gold and diamond jewelry Stored in pocket dimension
Picture Book/Album
Photos and drawings of Nyloth, Veldren, Dunavir, and Amelia Emotional item from Weldren's room
Nyloth's Spellbook
Contains Mass Invisibility (DC 25 Arcana) and other high-level spells From Dunavir's room
Page 3

Returning Daggers (x2)
Weak daggers that magnetically return when thrown From Veldren, in Dunavir's room
Squid Plushie
Plush version of squid encountered in device From Dunavir's room
Devil Cat Contracts
Unsigned contracts offering power to awaken the dead (Amelia) Found in hidden attic room after lullaby
Ancient Magic Scrolls
Non-decipherable ancient magister scrolls In hidden attic
Combat Encounters

Encounter at Tower Attic
Enemies: Amalgamation of childhood toys Outcome: Party victorious via persuasion

Memorable Quotes

"Did I really turn into Josephine the liar? Am I inside a picture? Dude, this is your family stuff."
-- Dunavir

"Eldritch Blast the bucket. I'm not under it. I'm running, I'm gone. I'm not under it."

-- Vail

"I'm gonna take off my shawl and jump and tug it with my shawl. Jump up and grab it, it's fine."
-- Dunavir

Page 4

Next Steps
· Search South Ward taverns for family/Dominic rumors. · Regroup with Liora/Elenia from pocket dimension. · Approach Thieves' Guild for others' passes or buy. · Decipher devil cat contracts. · Confront Nyloth about tower secrets upon reunion.
Page 5

Session Transcript
Okay. Wait, it's disturbing. Yeah, I'm here. Okay. So, thou art stuck in another void. As usual. A void inside a void. A void inside a void. No, you're the one who's stuck in the machine device. Yes, you... I know, that's why I'm saying for me, it's a void inside a void. Okay, so as you got sucked in, the bypass device. Some extra amount of energy was released from you. What? Do you remember you rolled a nat 20 after a regional? Oh my god! Are you kidding me? Why are you including that now? And then, as that happened, from the bypass, an actual You know, paper came out with your face and name on it that Arij can now hold, but you are still stuck inside. Who is Arij? That we can now hold and is... Okay, so I have passes for myself and Dunavir, but Dunavir is stuck in the goddamn device. Can we? Are you saying anything? As Dunavir? You can talk. You can talk. Hello? Is there anyone out there? And as Dunavir is trying to speak, you see their face like on the paper moving. Like talking to you. What just happened? Did I really... Did I really turn into Josephine the liar? Am I inside a picture? Dude, this is your family stuff. How am I supposed to know why you got sucked in the contact device? How do I get you out? Even I am dumbfounded, okay? I did not know they were capable of this type of stuff. Okay. I need to find a way to get you out. What the hell am I supposed to do? Is there any other instructions for this damn thing? Do an investigation. Of course. Okay. Okay. What did you get? Oh well, as you look through the bypass you notice that there is a way to safely eject after something's gone wrong. However, it requires precision. Precision. It requires what? Precision. Precision. Yes. Precision. If there's nothing else you can find on the bypass. It requires precision? Oh, I'm getting a call. One second. I... As we can see, I do not work with precision very well. So you got selected? Yes! Unfortunately... So... Damn. Yeah? It's like I'm inside my own wanted monster or something. I mean... That is a bit farfetched. What is a show daughter? Who said that? Umer is calling that we are taking a shop at home. I don't know what that means. Shopata is a bad word. First it was Andy and I was like, shopata rolls. Yeah, no, that's actually the word. I'm confused. But whatever. Who joined? Kanu with them, I thought it was COVID. Why can I not hear anyone join or leave? My discord is broken again. For Oli. I think... I think... Hello? Hello, yeah, yeah. Yes. Um... I don't... I think we can get myself out right now. Why? Because what does it mean by precision? There must be something. What is exactly on the device? On the device? So, think of it like A typewriter without the keys. A typewriter without the keys? Okay, that's kind of cool. Yeah. And it magically generates photos and it's like, with Halo. I don't know why. But there is a halo on the bypass and the bypass is also glowing. Okay. What is precision? We needed to put in our magic in order for it to even make a bypass. How... Precision? What is... How do you... I'm trying to think of a correlation between magic and precision. I mean, you need to be very specific with magic, but in this case, what the hell? Should... in this... in this case... um... I... do you... does nothing come in mind? Should something come in mind? What do we have? Do we have anything? Can you perhaps... I don't know like how we did it at first like we gave it our magic maybe we need to give it our magic again? And get stuck? I'm not gonna do that. I mean it is a bit risky but... You gave it magic, the papers came out. If you gave it magic again, maybe I will come out. I don't think that's how it worked. I'm just gonna keep on making like 50 bypasses for myself at that point. Okay. What else can we? Do a history check. Will. Oh me. Oh no. I'm safe. Oh! What?! Um, Ghanavir maybe? Ah yes! Ah yes, if Vail couldn't help... It's like what the... How... Vail since... Um... I don't think... I don't... I don't... I don't... It's fine Vail, I'll let you have this. Um, even though that was awful. There's somebody more awful than you have. The one time I had to do a history check I did a Nyloth. So, like, look, like, plus seven, then I did nothing for you. Yeah, no point in it. So, basically, you remember Nyloth's lesson. and how it was about the puzzle. Oh. That was the first. Hold on. Is Vail remembering it or am I remembering it? You think it's better than that. You will really remember because Vail experienced the same shit as you like violent. It's the... Oh, you mean the first puzzle? The first puzzle, I think. Yes. It was about finding that I... Well, that was specific to that puzzle. Finding the brightest spark in the bypass. I am the brightest spark. Can I check the device for a strong anchor point or something? Arcana? I mean you're actually doing it. No, no, no, I'm gonna do it. It's the one check I can always win. That's the wrong 20, but yes. So as you look through the bypass, you notice that the glowy parts have these strings, not strings, like wheels coming across
Page 6

and connecting to another one. Like, if that makes sense. Like the glowy bits are like all interconnected in some way. You could say they're tangled. So as you look through them, you notice a familiar, you know, it's familiar because it looks like the V-Viewer you saw like literally 20 minutes ago. So there is orange use that are some are darker than the others. I need to find the darkest one. Before it was the brightest one, now it's the darkest one. Can I look for the darkest one? The... hmmm... Do what inside? Like, I don't know, do something, like go closer to the source or something since I'm already inside, you know? Um, so, Will, you notice that there's three, like, the same, um, Same value hues that are the darkest. And one of them is inside that's not exactly reachable. What? Yes. So there's two that I can reach but one I cannot. Yeah. Yes. It's definitely the one that you cannot reach. They're all the same values. There's definitely- oh it's just a thing where all the puzzles we've done is like gonna come in handy in this one place. I will cry. But the thing is, we did not see this coming. Me getting stuck. I mean, we should have but anyways. Oh my god, tab. I can't join the one doing assignment. I need F.O. I have to submit it. We're trying to... We'll explain but for now I need my brain. Yeah, we're trying to get myself out of the device. But Dun & We're going to be stuck in a device that would help create bypasses for us to the other words but for one second. So there's three sources of the same hue and I need to get Only one of them is right. Is that the thing? I mean, you can do... There's nothing you can do yet, actually. This is just like... So, I don't know if I need to get only one of them, or all of them. I don't like your words. Perhaps like the one nod that feels more like me. I don't know. I was thinking should one of them have more of your presence? It's better than my precision. What were the other puzzles that we did? There was the coin on the mage. Is there anything Dunewar can do from the inside or no? Yeah, can I do anything from the inside like summon something? You do not see the strand, however you can do things inside. So if I summon my mage hand, will it be inside or will it be outside? What would that do? It will be the size. It's like equivalent to the void that you're in. What? Yeah. Hold on, hold on. You're telling me that I can summon a huge mage hand? No, no, no, no. Equivalent to the void that you are in, not the other void. Oh, so you're saying that it's gonna be inside the machine, not outside? Yes. I mean, you can try... But for that you might need to roll an Encarnature. Oh my god, we are gonna... I'm gonna... I'm gonna fuck up again. I'm trying to think of the correlation between the fucking... of the last... Yeah. Yes, yes. I don't wanna risk anything. I don't wanna... I don't wanna risk anything. I don't wanna... There's no exact correlation between any of the veterans. Also it's just Nihilots? Yeah. We had the North puzzle and then we had the... The school one. The school one. Yeah, matching the schools to their colors. I don't know if that's anything. It's dark... It's just orange hues. Orange hues and there's three dark spots. One I can't reach and two I can. Can I see anything inside my void? Or is it just dark dark? Can I... Is there anything? For you, there is something. It looks like an entity. Oh my... It's not... No, it's not that. This is a squid-like being. What the fuck? Of course. This being is floating and it looks rather magical. It has like like starry glittery. It looks starry and glittery and it's the color pink and it's floating around spewing out pink. Is it sleeping? You said it's snoring right? No, floating around. So it's not aggressive. I can go up However, it is bigger than you slightly. It's spewing out ink everywhere? Yeah, this ink is like sparkly, translucent ink. Can I see what type of creature is it? Like, is it, you know, do I have to do a history check or something? I'm sure. And you just said it's a squid but... Oh! Oh wow! That's the first time! Now we are... when it comes to squid! You remember this one time you showed interest in a party squid to Nylaoth? That kinda resembles this one. Aww, that's cute. And what is it doing here? Like is it stuck here? Like you mean? This is a disease as you are growing up. So Laila probably took it into account. And he put it inside the machine. Interesting. So can I go talk to the squid? I mean it does seem harmless. So, alright, I will go closer to the squid. As you get closer, the squid begins to slowly descend towards you. Oh, it was... Oh, I see, I see. I'm wondering if there is... What is happening here? Are you supposed to be? Other than the giant floating squid? You see the squid speaking, however its language does not seem to be understandable. Oh I see, shit. It realizes that and it begins to use its ink to draw for you. Man, what does it say? It made... Oh my god, it is... It made... A worried face. A worried face? Yeah, I'm also kind of worried. I might be stuck here forever. I'm wondering, is there a third thing inside? Third thing inside? I was wondering if each of the darker hues was related to something inside. So one would be the squid, one would be Dunia, and third would be something, but I guess not. I can try asking this question, but I can't see the weave. I mean, you haven't tried to see the weave. But, Will can tell me,
Page 7

no? How can he tell you where? I can speak him through the picture, no? That's what I was doing. How will Will tell you where it is? But you can't... like it's like finding a needle in a... Like I won't be able to tell you where the thing is. No, he can just describe it to me and I will convey it to the squid to see if it knows something. No? Um... Oh wait a minute. Hold on, can the squid hear whale? Like can it see whale outside? I'm aware that I know about this video. I know but I'm- You can ask the square. So like, do you know what's happening outside? Do you know outside? You notice it brings up its tentacles and makes a cross shape. Aww. Cross, so cute. Yeah. So the thing is, I am a bit I am stuck here as you can see. It wanted my mana, this device that we are inside and I did not give it enough mana so I'm also stuck here. And the squid begins to get closer to you, like nearing you. And it's like It's like circling around you, trying to understand your situation. And it begins to use its ink again to draw something for you. It looks like a squiggly line with the Like three glowy sparkles in between. A squiggly line with three glowy sparkles. And then the squid takes one of its tentacles and points at each of these. It takes its tentacles and points at each of them together. together. So is it like, does it correlate to the hues? I mean, I mean, three yes, I'm guessing. So it's pointing at them together, so all of them are important I guess. But one of them is unreachable. And I don't know that because I can't see the weave. Is there any way to actually see it? Alright fine I'll try to see them. I will try to. I will try to see the weave. I want to know what's happening outside and I will convey it to the squid. Please. Do I need to do an arcana check? Of course. Oh god, we are... Okay. Okay, okay. for the first half of the million forever. So you notice the weave is a bit further away from you and you see this massive... like the weave is like extremely massive for you because it's life-size and It is glowing in a rainbow shade. Do we have to pull those three little gentle and stuff, but at the same time maybe? If the squid was pointing at them at the same time? There was a squiggly line too, I don't know what's that supposed to mean. I'm guessing that was representing the weave, I don't think you need to look too much into that. How do we do this? Dungewehr can reach the... When it died, of course it did. That's why it went quiet. Yeah, my neck died. What's happening? Why does your neck die so much? It doesn't happen. It's not exactly neck dying. We are not ethernet connected, but the device at the ethernet is connected to overheats and shuts down occasionally. So that's what's annoying. Original experience. Okay, okay, so this one This one is like the unreachable one right? Vale can't reach it. Only you can reach it. So let's do a thing. Let's do a countdown and be gentle with it. Do it at the same time. I'm gonna put the two that I can reach and then you do the one that you can reach. Yeah, gently tug at it. Yeah, because they're supposed to be precise and Whatever other word that the guy used. Okay? So, three, two, one... Wait, pause. Yes. Okay, let me just look at something in Drenouf's sheet. Oh no, why? Wait, what happened? Oh my, you know, it's like, just need to check. Oh, man. Okay. There is no saving you, so... Huh? What? Wait, wait, no, no, no. I didn't finish yet. There is no saving you? Wait, wait. I meant metaphorically. Basically, um... In order to, you know, for you to do it, you need to do a strength. Oh no! Because it's bigger for you. Oh my god, so I need, I need like how much strength was the DC? The DC for this is 40. And if I fail, what's gonna happen? How about I hope you find out. Also you have an inspiration because...yes. I guess I can try. If it doesn't work then I'll just tell the squid to do something. Okay so do the countdown then after that do your strength. 3, 2, 1...go. I did it! I did it! I did it! For the first time! Anyway... Okay... It's my lucky charm, the squid. How do you tug it exactly? Oh yeah, yours. How big is the thing? It's like you could like... You know those obstacle courses where you can be on the rope? Oh, damn! Yeah, like that big. But it's thicker. Is it floating up? Can I tell the squid to, like, you know, help me float up or something? It's not that high up, it's like jumpable distance. Yeah, but I'm still gonna tell the squid to do it because why not? Help me. Did you notice the foot begins to glow red? Is it a good thing or a bad thing? In a bad way. Nooooo! I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I was just joking. And friends back. How do I do it? You just jump up and talk at us. Jump up and just dug it, that's so weird. The imagery is so weird. Just jump and grab it, it's fine. Alright, I'm gonna take off my shawl and jump and dug it with my shawl. As the birds are pulled, they're They become severed and Dernabeer comes out from the bypass in disarray because they are now powered in ink from the magical ink from the bypass. First the swamp, then the thingy on my face, the black thingy exploding on my face and now the ink. Damn, I really do need a bat. So this ink will last for two hours and is permanent. Oh no! We are not saying Anything about this to hide the Nylaoth or Veldrin, okay? Depends on... Depends if you show your face in two hours. I would just make up something, you know, a bit of a slip or something. And the squid, the squid is still inside. The squid was
Page 8

waking up. Yeah, the ghost squid was making the ink. That was cute. And at least you're not dead, I guess. Yeah. Optimism. At least for now. Optimism from where? That's the first. Bro, you should be surprised if you get optimism from a millennial. That is. Some way up. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. If I... If it weren't well, if it were Elenia here and I got stuck, Elenia would be like, oh well, time to go watch. I mean, logical option. Ah, yes. I talk about logistics here, bro. Elenia has got you like easily controlled in there. Oh yeah, no more gremlin. No more gremlin. I will haunt you. You'll be talking from the forecast. Before anything, we should try and leave the world now. Oh yeah. Remember the black door is still open. Alright, let's go. As you enter the black door, your whole World goes into... You see you getting transported during this transportation. Everything begins to change colors around you. And you feel busy. It's kind of... It's like traumatic aberration everywhere. And you look at each other, you see your You look like you are liquefied. You look, how do I describe it, like weirdly shaped. You know how to do it in the movies? Like that. And you are slowly out of the void and out from the crystal ball. Back in the tower. Oh, we're back in the tower. From where do we explain all of this to Khobab? What's the last thing you remember? I don't know. The vampire lady. Oh yeah, the passes that we were deciding to do. Yeah. Okay, what did we do? I think Duniv and I first went to the tavern turned merchant shop. Yeah. and we found some stuff, some furniture lying around and something... Me and Will took the furniture to the pocket dimension even though even the whole ass bed. We did a strength check and then again moved all the furniture to the fucking pocket dimension. I mean it belonged to my employer so you know I didn't wanna... I want to give it to the... That's so... I guess you think of our address, Chayki. We found the emblem, the key, there was like a locked box that we opened and it had the masks somewhere? Yeah, that was like from a masquerade I attended. Yeah, so basically it has to do with Dunivir's story. We went into the rooms upstairs, one of them was Dunivir's room, there was a burnt sequin dress that she wanted Bale to wear. Fuck you! What?! It was... It would have to match your wife. Just like imagine Bale wearing a dress, you know, wouldn't he? He would slay, but no. Yeah, he would slay. There was... I think the water is in the brothers room? Or who is it? The exploding book! There was a book that exploded in the first place. What did we do after that? We went to the tower. Now that I think about it, your face still has the black and you have ink on it. Yeah, it's like the whole circus right now. The tower with certain ink. We went to the tower next. Unrecognizable. Yeah, we went to the tower. Yeah, the tower was destroyed and... Dunewer broke down, Vale figured out that it was an illusion and dispelled it. Then we entered and we found... The Niveer's adopt a father's study, I think? Yes. Vail almost stole a scroll without permission, but Dhu never gave him permission before he could steal it, so it's technically his now. We found a crystal ball, test it, went inside into another void where we were. We had to solve puzzles that were set up by Nyloth & Veldren did that, we solved Nyloth puzzles and we solved Veldren's problems and we found a device that basically can make us fake bypasses that we initially had to pay money for that we didn't have enough of. Remember when you had 700 gold or something on you? Yeah barely. So right now Dunivir and Vail have the passes and that's where we are. We started the tower. Yeah we got the three passes. You no longer need to pay 300 gold. Yippee. Yeah. My gold is just permanent. There are however like places you can go to use up the money if you want. Yes, we can go on a shopping spree. We can get new clothes. Especially for whale. Why am I just part of the shopping spree? I mean, we will be a good bonding time, you know? We need a camping session, campfire session. Wee? Um, are you saying yes or no? No. It's a quote unquote wee question mark. Wee? Sharaf, you are gonna show up. Okay, where do we go from here? Should we go back? So that said, the tower only has the steady and no rules. No. No, it has more. It has like Weldren's, yours, other stuff. There's an attic all the way on top. Keep moving and don't touch magic balls. Don't touch magic balls. So, leave the studying up more? By the way, there's like... I said this before, there are things in the study that... There were robes, right? Yeah, there were robes and wizard hats and other stuff. I don't like hats, I have like two glocks! This robe right here will suit your complexion. Does it get me anything other than fashion? I have two new looks. I think I... Goddammit, I'm playing to my weaknesses. Give me the robe, fuck you. Go, let's go! I mean, if it's Nyloth, wouldn't it be comedically big on whales? Yeah, well, we will do something about it. If it was that important to Nyloth, you wouldn't leave it. That's true, but it's just a matter of size. It's just gonna hang off a whale. It's gonna be fine. I don't want to wear Zodah, it's too... I mean, do you have a spell to shrink it? I don't think so. Enlarge or reduce. It's fine. We'll probably make use of it elsewhere. We will cut it at the end. We will cut it through. Is there anything else in the study? No! I like how he had to point
Page 9

it out that there were other things in the study. No, because you guys completely forgot about everything. He just looked at the bookshelf and the boss. Yeah, I remember the wrongs. Did we explode the bookshelf? Yeah, it stole the scrolls. Bro, there's a guy in my class named Joshua David, god damn. What? That sounds so familiar. Joshua David, I don't know. I've heard that book. Crazy name. Okay, what would be the next room? Yeah, sorry. What is the next room? I should know. And also look for... look for... Fart traps or something? Oh my god. I'm doing an investigation. No! God damn! God damn it, this is a video. I'll do it, one second. What? I love how the reaction matches. What just happened? Illiniya! Like bro, are we serious about this? Fart, fart bro. Firetrap was not even in my mind. No, because it did happen by the way. Yeah, but you came up with it. Dunavir walked on a pressure plate and it triggered. Let me guess, it was Dunavir's idea. Yeah! Fucking hell, it was a Sravir. It was definitely Dunavir's character that did it and took up the legis came up with it. You know, DM literally has veto power so he can't give my characters anything and I just have to accept it. You know you don't have to say it. What do you mean? If you don't say it, he won't do anything. Yeah, he means like, are there any traps? You're the one who asked, Odia. Disturbiya ass, Ardha Radhita. How much you can be cautious? You know, when I'm not being cautious, I get fucked. When I'm being cautious, I get fucked. So I don't know what... I got 17 on investigation. Okay, you notice... On the ceiling, there is a hidden contraption linked to a pressure plate. It's... It's a bucket of water. Oh hell! Maybe. Anyways. Maybe? I'm not gonna step on it, you're free to test that out. That is not water, I'm telling you. If it was done by me, that's not water. Let's just move on away from the questions. Yay! As we move on, we want Eldritch Blast the bucket. What the fuck? Eldritch Blast the bucket. No, he's about to say the water splashes onto you and now you're covered in everlasting. No, we moved on, okay? We moved on. That was all the news. Where's you Eldritch Blast? The bucket. I'm not under it. I'm not under it. I'm running, I'm gone. I'm not under it. The bucket has enough power to splash onto you. Let the DM DM. Okay, so the bucket begins to roll backwards in the direction it was Eldritch Blasted. And as it's like rolling back, all the contents begin to spill. And it appears to be this weird Rainbowy liquid that like as you Eldritch Blaster it goes through the tower walls it destroys the wall and goes outside. Interesting. That would have killed us. We are... I just hope that Nyla doesn't find out about this. No problem. Let's go. That was a completely unnecessary, you know, thing. So like, based honestly, you know. I just wanted to see what was inside the bucket. I'm not, I'm like, not disappointed. Yeah, it's just MLT shit, so yeah. It will be. Exactly. I just ate no way I just thought of Pussy Juice. Stop! Hold on, hold on. Oh, no, because he said my little pussy and I was like, oh wait. Oh no. Anyways, what's in that room right over there? I see a room. I see a room. What's that room? Whose room is it? This is Veldim's room. In this room. Hello? Yes. Yeah, yeah. I don't know. In this room you'll find many chests. There's also a place for Nyloth to sleep and this is a separate compartment reserved for Nyloth only. Interesting. inside Weldren's room? What? Inside Weldren's room? Yeah, inside. This is not exactly Weldren's room room. It's like half and half. Weldren doesn't get that much. Oh, they're roommates, roomies. Damn, poor Weldren. Poor Weldren for Nailon. That's the shit. Both of them, because I was also there. Atomers. Okay. So in Weldon's place there is a lot of chess, there is a lot of hats, a lot of hats and other things. And you see the chess have like gems coming out and just like very Weldon stuff. And there's lots of pictures of him and there's also a picture book Yeah, like on a table. And there's lots of pictures of Dernovir as well. This was before I transformed. Yeah. The whale doesn't know of like I died, right? What? The whale doesn't know about my transformation, right? No, because you did not elaborate. Yeah. Because to whale it's just a tiefling with I just want to look for the chests. Go ahead, I will look at the storybook. In the chest, do an investigation. Do an investigation in the chest. Oh, that was so close. It was right there! The 20 was right there! Basically on top of the chest there's lots of diamond jewelry and a diamond bracelet that's glowing. It's so weird that they left all of this hair and just you know moved to the southward. These things look important even this movie. It's like they were like in in a rush. I don't usually like diamond and jewelry and stuff. Is there magic in this bracelet? I mean you don't have to but since you like always want to. Okay so this bracelet Gives you plus three stealth of hand. Oh! Light of hand, sorry. It's not stealth of hand. I'll take that, but I don't want it to look like diamonds. I'll probably discuss it to look like a plain blood or blister. I'm just watching whale take things from my brother's chest. I'm just like... I just picked up one bracelet. Imagine if it was Dunavian, they would steal things for no reason. My kleptomaniac tendencies... But the thing is, it's my brother's thing. So you know my kleptomaniac tendencies are acting up.
Page 10

I'm still gonna take the break. You little thief. Yeah, I'm just focused on the picture book but I'm side-eye. Let me look around in case. Is there anything else in the room? Oh, why did the front door open? Oh. Front door. It's Nail. It's coming out of the compartment. In the picture book there is like the old pictures of Weldon and Nyloth and most of them Nyloth does look kind of happy for once and you By the way, this picture box didn't exist in this place when Darnavir was here. Yeah, I was gonna ask. It's so rare seeing him smile like that. Yeah, and as you look through more pages, you see Nyla's daughter is hugging him in one picture and Veldren is pulling a prank on Nyla in the image. And as you scroll past, you slowly begin to realize and how his smile fades. And the daughter is no longer there. And you come along and there is a drawing, there's drawings of you and Veldren and Nyla since they They never exactly took pictures of all three of you together. So Vendron decided to draw the three of you. Yeah. That's depressing. But on that note, I have to be right back. Oh no, emotions! Vanishes! Should I pause the recording or will you just continue? Just pause, because I also... I'm resuming the recording. I got a huge roll. Okay, so like... As Durnavir watches the photo album, they're like clutching the book very tightly and they're like... almost tears forming in their eyes and they're like whispering, please be safe. Aww. The thing is that Durrubi just left without saying anything, without a letter. They just left a letter to them and they just left on their little journey. And now the fact that they're seeing Nihiloth with his daughter being happy and now that his daughter died and they found Durrubi and now they are gone too. So this is like You know losing children twice or something. Losing a child twice. What am I saying? Oh yeah. Nice. Anyways. So, look at the last page of the of the book. They're like unfinished paintings. And it looks like a sketch of the four of you. With like, they're like well-dressed starters. If she was your age. Oh my gosh. Yes. I'm gonna take this and I'm gonna keep it very close to me. Even though it's kind of stained by my inky hands, but it's fine. And there are... Yeah, there's nothing else peculiar in the room. We can also just put his chest in the pocket dimension. Put what? The chest. Put it in the pocket dimension. I thought you're trapped in Maniac and she didn't hear it. No, it's just... You know it will come in handy later. It will come in handy. It's not klepto-handy eh? It's not klepto-handy. We need the gold or whatever jewelry. Okay. There's like a lot of gold in there. a lot. Exactly, exactly. That's why we need it. We have to be ready. A lot of gold. We are gonna be, you know, we're gonna be rich, rich. Mm-hmm. Okay. So there's nothing else peculiar so far. And yeah, yeah. Yes. Your room is upstairs. Upstairs, yeah. For you, the tower is not exactly straight up, it goes It narrows down to the top, kind of slightly. So it looks like a tri... not exactly, but like... yeah. So it's like as it goes up, the rooms begin to get smaller, if that makes sense. So, Denevere's room is a bit smaller compared to the other ones. And this room... I mean, Denevere You can describe it, you know, if you want. Describe my room? Yes. Okay, so... Like, you know those... the roof of the room, it's like filled with those star thingies, you know the star thingies of the roof? Yeah. to give it a glowy appearance. And also there are like tentacle curtains. And there's also a plushy looking thingy of the squid we met, I met in the device. Because why not? and there are also... what else? Oh yeah, my juggling balls. Very important detail. Yes. And also some daggers that I got from Veldren. And... yeah, I can't think of anything else. Okay. You can explore this room. Are you saying that if I had said that I have like, I don't know... Yeah, no take backsies anyway. No, no, no, no. No, no, no. No take backsies. I also have a spell book from Ny'aloth which I don't really. I am gonna look through that real quick. Make yourself at home, Vale. This is my room. My humble abode. Anyways, go straight to the magic book. There's a lot of... in the book, there's a lot of spells, higher level spells, that Dernabeer never give a fuck about. Yeah. There's also like... We have a lot of... Mass Invisibility. This spell requires a DC of 25 to execute on Arcana and it allows the user and other creatures who be invisible for 10 minutes. There are other spells but we shall look into that later. I want to keep this one. I clutched with the spellbook. I will take the plushie. I will take the plushie and put it in my backpack. You know, those are the daggers that Velgrim gave you begin to magnetically pull towards you. Oh, it's those type of daggers. And you would remember, you must remember, and they clutch back into your hands. I already have a lot of dagger weapons. These daggers are like weak but their only good thing is that they come back. Oh yeah I can just throw them and then they'll come back. Yeah it's good I'll take them. Now I open my wardrobe. This wardrobe is empty. I wonder why. I wonder why. It's empty indeed. However, there are like nooks and crannies of it that have I'm calling for some reason. That somehow stayed and got overlooked. Okay. Anyways. So the thing is when I left, when I left I took like the essential things with me. There you go. Yes. I don't
Page 11

think there's anything important remaining in the room, in my room. Yes. Because I took everything because that's how I am. Also, you have in this room you also have like one of those age chalk things like as you grow up you like put the The chalks. The lines? The lines, yeah. Oh, so where did I leave it? It's like, as you like go upstairs there's like a frame or door frame like if you go through the door frame that's your room so like the chalk is on the door frame. Okay. So can I do it again by lying? Yeah, the last one you did was when you were 20 years old. And what's your height right now? It's 5'5". I said you were 5'4". You grew 2 inches, grew 2 inches. Up 20, that's a big thing. I'm gonna do it. The line thingy. I take the chalk and I'm like feeling very nostalgic. If I draw the line. I whisper I'm still alive. I'm still alive. Surprisingly. Yeah, that's it for your room. That was awesome. Is there anything else in the tower as a whole? There was an attic. Of course there was an attic. To the attic we go? As you go up to the stairs, how do I describe it? The stairs like... They bend to create a flat surface and turn into a slide back down. No! No, no, no, no! And they come back to the original form. No, there has to be a way. I refuse. Wait, hold on, hold on. What is happening? Hi Poki. Hello guys. Hello. Why does this sound like... He makes emails better. They're saying hello. Stop. Okay. Okay. You said the stairs turned into a slide? And you went back down to your room. Yes. Can we remember how we used to go up the slide? Grab the railing and go? Exactly! Can we do that? I'll try doing that. I'm 24 by the way. Keep that in mind. What does that have to do with anything? My haircut is... Oh, you are a double punk. Dadaweer is slipped on the slide and falls I'm sorry, I just stand off and I'm like oh now we are even you know you fell on top of me and I fell on top of you. You followed his garages like that? No, no, no. Can I freeze the stairs? Can we like throw them out? I will throw you out from this tower if you are here. Shut up. Can I freeze the stairs? Freeze the stairs? It's gonna make it more slippery, no? No, when they go back to their stairs. Oh, I see. What? When they're in their stares form, can I just freeze them so they don't turn into a slide? Are the things you say? Are the things you say? Sure! Thou shalt be with our concert. Oh. 20. I don't like it when you ask, are you sure? I didn't say, are you sure? Oh, okay. Okay. Um, you, like, you, Suspend the time of the staircase and you see it slowly. I mean, it's like it's right now it's in that formula. What would you like to know? Go up. Very quickly without slipping. As you go up, you notice that the stair is prying its hardest to go back to its slide form. But it's going very slowly. And as you go up, as you're right about to go off the last step, the slide is back. And you successfully evaded. Oh! What, you evaded? Oh my god, I thought I was gonna fall like 10. That would be nice, no? Open the door to the attic. Yeah, so in this attic there is absolutely nothing. I don't trust you. Do an arcana check. Okay. Oh my god. It's right above my room. Okay! For the first time. Leave it to the experts, okay? You do not uncover anything in this room. Oh, my stomach hurts. Can I use my heightened senses to see if there's anything? Heightened senses? What is that? Perception. Sure. Oh my god! It was so close! Absolutely nothing! Yeah so... Dancing lights! Fast dancing lights! I don't have dancing lights! No come on, there has to be something. There's no way. This is just empty. Imagine if that's just supposed to be empty because... What do you think? I mean you'll never know! Hey, oh my god, the fact that he said that is only making me doubt myself. What else can we do? Can we just not look around the general push at walls just to see a good compartment somewhere? I guess. Can we do so? Investigation check. Go ahead, Will. Hello, hello, hello, hello. Hello. Oh my god. No, that was a 17 Yulia year. Why is the dice doing this to me? For the first time in never. Why is my dice not dicing? Roll an investigation check. It's right here, not intimidation. It's right here. Now my brother is a very worse. He didn't come to time. So with your investigation Dunville, you are able to find a crevice on the wall that has an indent on it. We just love our crevices. Yeah, just, I don't know. I don't know, pushing the crevice does nothing. The last time I tried to do that I fell through a wall so I'd rather not. What? When did that happen? The witches don't remember. I pushed the wall and I fell down on my face. Can I, the crevice, can I like, I don't know, break through it? I don't know. How would you like to do that? Just blast it or something, I don't know. Use force. I'm acting like a bicarian. How do you blast it? With Eldritch Blast. Okay. So your Eldritch Blast repels and ricochets all over the room. Oh hell no. And many things begin to like, like the roofs, the roof begins to like slowly fall and there is dust everywhere that falls on top onto all of you and Vale, especially you, you know, have a lot of dust and the dust from Dunnavale is like, like, not removable because it's stuck to the end. Oh look, Vale, we are matching now. I'm gonna dust myself off. Oh look, we're not matching anymore. That sounds like a slur. You Dusty Shadow Boy. So did that do anything other than just destroy the other? No. What it did was it spawned in an animation. What? Yes. Of course it is.
Page 12

This is... You're pulling so much out of your ass right now. No! I mean everything. You're... I feel like this creature is made up of all the toys that you used to play with. Oh no! You're fighting nostalgia. I don't know, my childhood? That's like so depressing. It looks aggravated, not angry, it's like disturbed. Okay, so I can try calming it down? Or is it hostile? You can try. I recognize the toys right? Obviously! I was just a slip of my hand. I didn't mean to aggravate you. I'm sorry if I disturb your sleep. I didn't know you would be in this attic. The amalgamation of my childhood toys or something. It's a Duel of persuasion. Oh, fuck. Please help me. I have inspiration. Okay. That worked? That worked. Okay, so... Did you notice the toy combusts and all the doors... like, everything just like goes Everywhere, all the toys are everywhere. And one hit, one hit bust. One hit, hit the wail on the face. I'm sorry, wail. Minus 3 HP. Imagine if it was a pointy toy. The crevice is not to be disturbed by force. We need to find another way to get through it. Can I just... I already tried touching it. I didn't do anything. Can I do an Akana? Yes. Please. Okay. Because the canvas has a weave on it. Oh, how many? Oh, there's another weave. Check for anchors! Yes, there is one. Gently tug at it. There's like only one. It's like... yeah. It denies you. Can I check myself it seems? I'm gonna go cry in the corner after a break. Help, help a buddy out, okay? I'm trying my best. I'm trying his best. Inspiration. Oh my god, how much I'll get it do I need for this? I'll be back. Chodan. I keep fucking up because of the minus one. Oh yes. Do I fuck up or... Oh you exactly got it. Thank God. Oh my God. Okay. I get it. Doing this... shows you the contents of the room that you couldn't see earlier. Oh! It's like they weren't there at all. Like you couldn't like walk around there wouldn't be anything there. Oh! And now everything materializes. They just appeared in the in the almost destroyed attic. Yeah. and there is a lot of extra things that my loss did not want to go into at all times. Like, imagine Ancient Magic and there's Fun Facts. Fun Facts? Contracts. Fun Facts. What fun facts? Fun Facts. There are contracts. There are... There is more chess. and there is a piano. Oh. Interesting. Can I see the or it's only Dunavir? You see the Dunavir? No. I'm still sorry. What would you like to do? Look through the contracts. The contracts have the same symbol. that you remember from a long time ago. Oh no! What? Of the Devil Cat. Why are they here? The secret symbol that we saw in the vision? The demon contract. The contract that we brought here to be deciphered because we don't know ancient and modern. Why are these here? These are These are very old, as in these papers seem rather old. I want to be optimistic and say Nyarlath was trying to investigate this as well. Now I'm a bit skeptical about I don't think they had any bad intentions. I don't think so. I just refuse to believe it. Well, we'll find out if we meet them. What else was in the room other than the piano and the contracts? The magical thingy. The magic something. Ancient magic. What? You said there was ancient magic something too. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I want to look at that. You want to look at the piano? Yeah. The ancient magister is scrolls that are not recyclable as of right now. And for the piano, what would you like to do? I'm saying like these are I'm deciphered. So like you, you, I mean unless you want to decipher them, you can. How can I decipher them? I mean we'll look at it later. Okay, piano for a while. Before we look at the piano, does the contract say anything or is just like, just pair? Again, it's gonna be in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, oh yeah, you're right, you're right. We'll have to disciple them too. Alright, now we look at the piano. Yeah. I want... What did you want me to do? A history check? Yeah. I had a feeling. I didn't say anything. I had a feeling. No. Then? Nothing. It's just an ordinary looking piano. You were gonna say something about I want you to do and then you just... I remember that Nylock taught me this melody and I think Veldren told me that he taught this melody to his daughter too So I wanna try playing that melody but do I need to do a check for this? A history check to remember the exact thing? Sure, do one. You don't have to ask them to be. Just do it, okay? Give me this one. What happened? Do I really need to do a history check? Okay fine. But maybe you can do a performance check because that makes more sense. Oh yeah, yeah you're right. That's more of my thing. Okay. You hear this amazing... not haunting, it's a... It's an amazing lullaby that moves through your ears and you feel elated. I feel elated. Yes, and you notice the... the porn tracks begin to glow. Why? All around the table. Yes. Okay, I was gonna look at them like, what the fuck? I'm not even playing attention now, I'm just playing the piano with my eyes closed. Yeah, the... As the contracts glow, they become... They... You can read them. Okay, hold on. I'm gonna read that. I literally came... I literally pulled that out of my ass. I didn't know that was gonna happen. No. Okay. So on the contract, the... By the way, this was only linked to these contracts. This will not have any impact on the one you want to decipher. So this contract says a lot, like the person is writing that you shall Awaken the dead and we can offer you the power to do so.
Page 13

And there is a place to sign but it is not signed yet. And it also specifies the name of the person that can be revived Yes, and it's very familiar to Dunavir. What's the name? Dunavir, come here. What happened? The contacts. Can you read them? Yeah, you're playing. Look at what the name. I just snatched the paper from his hand and I look at the name. Amelia, that is Veldren's daughter. Nyloth's daughter you mean? No, I mean, yeah, sorry. Can I get confused? What's going on? He was trying to resurrect his daughter. It's more of an offer. He didn't sign it. But if you know with these types of contracts there's always something... He didn't sign it. I know! I'm just saying. Who sent it? Whoever sent it knows about it. Nylons, Arthur and everything then. So weird. Why did he not sign it? Why would he sign it? Thomas? Thomas wanted his daughter. But he know- Brother, he's been teaching you magic. He would know the consequences of this sort of shit. I don't know. He's just... I'm sorry, your adoptive father is smart. Well... I will need to talk to him about this. We need to find them first. Yeah. And luckily they are where we are supposed to go. So you're going to ask him about this? You're going to tell him you looked through his secrets? Well that is for me to decide, okay? Okay, okay, as you shall. Okay, so there's nothing left in this place. Time to leave, I guess. Leave, yes. Leave the tower. We leave the tower. It's fine. As you leave the tower you notice that the scenery around you has changed for some reason. So basically when you entered it was around 3, like 4 a.m. or something. Now it's like, not 7 a.m. 6 a.m. So you're in there for like I forgot about the wolf dog I... there weren't any traces of him in the tower right? No. You never brought him to the tower. I mean... why not? I could have like at some point. Yeah but... you only brought him around the... the tavern. I guess Nyla wouldn't like Wolfdog in his tower. Yes. I kinda wanna do something just in case. Can I put the illusion back on the tower? Yes. I'm gonna do that. I looked at it like one last time before you put the illusion. Salamu alaikum. I'm gonna put the illusion back so it looks destroyed. Yeah. The tower is back to its State of Viserys. Come back, can you come now? Well, at least it hides the fact that there is a literal hole in the wall and the attic is a bit destroyed. Just a little bit. Yeah. Okay, now what would you like to do? Since it's like morning time, are there people outside or is it just a... I mean right now you are in like a woods area, so you have to like come out. Come into the unknown. Yes. I wanna wrap my shawl around my face because you know, I don't wanna scare people. Rub your shawl around your antlers? No, wrap my shawl around my face. Like you know, hide my face because it's not, you know, very... It's not a sight for sore eyes. Um, but like... Okay, shh... I'm literally... I'm literally like you know splashed in ink and dust and whatever I don't want to show my face like that to whoever you know whoever is unlucky to pass us. Okay, we... I guess we go back to the main... Should we go back to the main area? We need to regroup with everyone. Yes. Liora and Elenia, they are like, they are sleeping in the pocket dimension. Oh yeah, that happened. We can also, but do we really need to go to the Thieves' Guild because we already have the passes, no? Elenia and Liora still don't, they're gonna have to. I swear to God, if I have to eject either of them out of the fucking thing again. Well, I mean... Anyways... I guess it's more like the... So you're... Yeah? What should we do? I don't know if we should continue with awesome or not. I mean, I think we have enough money and I also like took the... gold from the old chest. The old chest. If we are not so sure about them passing the vibe, then we can just buy them. I mean they're both sorcerers, nothing could possibly go wrong. Yes, yes, nothing. Hmm, was it arcana linked to wisdom or was it true? Yeah it is. It's intelligence. Okay. What should we do? The sun is coming up! I can give you options if you want. Yes. Okay so... Darnabir there, you remember the... Panestate? That is also an option. Oh my god. Yes, there is a shops you can visit with the gold. You can go to the thieves' guild if you know them. You could just go to the South Ward right now and like I'm just wondering if we should go without them story-wise or at least... It depends. If it's related to Dinovia, I don't think they give a fuck. Yeah, I guess this is Dinovia story going on. Do you wanna continue We can go to the South world to see your family. If they're there. I guess but if we go to the South world can we come back here? Like in the dark world? Yes. Because the thing is there are like, you know, there were some friends I made but I don't want to pay them a visit like this. I don't want to pay them a visit with this house. Perhaps you could do with some cleansing. We should have a shower or bathroom in the tower. The thing is you don't have something that you can clean easily. Like two hours. How many hours has passed? One hour I guess. I think it'll take us an hour to get to the Southward probably. An hour to get to the Southward? What do you mean? The walk toward the Southward is 15 minutes. Like, to the entrance. Okay, so, Will, how are you? We are probably gonna run into guides, so... We'll probably have to do talking, you know? I would say that you should handle that, but I don't know if I trust you or
Page 14

that. I literally showed my home, but... Literally... Okay, how are you? Will... Yeah, we go to the South. We're just skipping all the other things like shopping. You said we can come back, right? The game law, of course. What, do you want me to look presentable for your family? No! Do you... I mean, Shadowboy, do you see me? Dirty Shadowboy! Dirty Shadowboy, there we go. Oh my god. Yeah, what was the name? The South. So, you walk for 10 minutes and you see the... like on the You see the entrance and you also notice the new watch moving around. They seem to be in every alleyway, every corner of the street and there's one peculiar thing about each of them. They have something that What is it? The symbols? Yes! Wait, the contract symbols? No, it's... The symbol from? What are your guys thoughts? I'm thinking it's either the contract or the one from the cult. Yeah, the curse symbol, that's what I was saying. It is the curse symbol. Oh no! Oh my god! Will... Will, we might be a bit fucked. Just... No, no, no. They don't know us. Will, they were technically after my ass, you know? Will they recognize? I mean... The antlers don't help you. I know but the thing is, remember when I was being hunted, I was being hunted by the masked people and I drowned in the lake. What happened to the masked people? They just left me. You don't know that. I don't know that exactly so what happened? I'm not gonna tell you what happened. Okay. Oh, I was gonna say that... Wait one second, one second. I need to check something but I don't know if it's gonna work. Do I have it? Or did I remove it or something? What's it? Yeah, we have disguised self. I'm checking if I do. I don't know if I do. Dunavia does. But the thing is, well, had they stupid enough to see? I mean, I don't have the problem, Dunavia. That's gonna have the problem. Yeah, yeah, I guess. I was wondering if it's gonna affect the past, the past. Disguised self only, you know. I'm not the problem, I don't exist here. You might get back on it. Yeah, I'm the problem here. Alright, I will disguise myself as a little bittle... little bittle... little bittle gnome. A gnome? A little bittle gnome. Yeah, why not? Okay. So you're not a gnome. Do I still have the antlers? I don't think I should, though. No, you don't. And what about the thing, the ink and everything? That is still said. Okay, of course, it's there. Okay, we move on. Okay, hold on. I need to think of a name. Are you still non-binary? Yeah. I am. I'm just- I'm just your- exactly. I'm your little gnome dun dun dun dun dun and I work in- I work in a mine in the Underdark. Wait no that's not good. I work- Yeah I work in a mine that's it. I'm just a miner. I don't know. He's like- What? Okay. Okay. So- I think it's a good talk. Okay, so would you like to describe your gnome? Alright. Not in detail but like enough to understand. Okay. I will make my gnome look like a mini version of whale. Why? I don't know. So that, you know, we can just, we can like tell them we are related or something. Anyways, as a gnome. A tiefling related to a gnome. That's uncertain. And like, you know, our father was a gnome, our mother was a tiefling. That's a good cover story. Nobody will be suspicious. I don't think that's how it works. Nooo, we're changing that. Be a little more logical, dumbass. Alright, I will be a hunky elf and I will disguise myself as Boris. No, no, no. Nooo, I can disguise myself as anything. No, no, no. You can do it and Vale can still be like, fuck you. It's either a hunky elf or a gnome. Choose one. Oh my god. A gnome with impossible biology or... bonus? Yep, yep. Oh, that one. I don't know why I just imagine a whale saying Lord forgive me. I don't know which god I'm pleading to but god. You can't exactly be atheist in D&D. Yeah you can't exactly be an atheist. Gods exist I just don't follow any of them. I turned into a happy forest. I am going to... Okay. Okay. Look at these biceps. They're flexing myself. I am not looking at you. Okay. So, would you like to go toward the watch? Chase, don't know your picture tomorrow. Can what? Chase, don't know your picture tomorrow. Oh. How about we do this? I'm not exactly Boris but I look like him. I mean that's kind of... Yeah, just the physique, okay? Oh my god! It's so big with a token. Oh damn, I didn't touch. I feel like how you just... you needed my character into the void. Even though you are in the void? Yeah, in the black void I mean. Now that I think about it, Voris is part of the Flaming Fist. I don't know if the watch might recognize him too. So I may be a bit fucked. No, that's a study level. Okay, okay. Okay, I'm back. Oh my god! There's a massive token of Boris! Oh my god, that's not how I wanted to see him again. Let's see if I can, like, I don't know. I'll be a flamboyant flamboyant hunky himbo man. So would you like to approach the watch? Yes. But they would ask us why we want to go inside the southward. Why we are going inside? Probably. Like what's our business? What do we tell them? If they ask us that is. Seeing some friends, visiting friends. Visiting friends while the water deep is, you know, burning down. I forgot about that. Burning down? I don't know. It's in security and stuff. Ummm. We can just say we have a dying grandmother in Southport that we want to visit. The dying grandmother excuse never fails, you know. Yeah, but whose grandmother? My grandmother, okay. Let's go with my grandmother. I can just imagine we are just staring at it. Okay. So... Let's not delay
Page 15

it any further. Okay, let's just move forward. Yeah. There is one problem. What is it? What is it? It still says Drenovir on your. It's what? It still says Dernavier on your name in the pass. You said it's ever changing, no? It changed your face. I mean, do they... I don't know... Do I look like a Dernavier to you? Will I pass for a Dernavier? I mean, names are different looks. Yeah, Dynoman is a common name here. Anybody can have it. Is it on your wanted poster? I don't have any wanted poster. What? Wait, there are wanted posters of me. There are no wanted poster, but they were looking for you. Oh my god. The path is made of an illusion, right? Yes. Can you not change the name? Can we not change the name? You can change it. Yes, okay. I'll change the name to Boris. What would you like to change it to? Actually no, well, I mean fine. I don't want to get Boris in trouble. Yeah, you can change it to Doris or something. Is that a ship name? No, the forgotten twin brother Doris. Boris. Boris. And Norris. Doris. Okay, so we'll endorse. We'll endorse. A different type of- That's not the date you expected. It's not a date. Bro, Kizuno you've revived the fucking all the things she said song for me and I've just been listening to it. I'll see you then. I cannot stop. It's so good. Yeah, it was like there for me but I just stopped listening to it for a while. And then you started seeing it a few days ago. I was like, oh, hey, we're going in. Okay, so you approach the guards. Yeah. So the guards look at you And by the way they're all wearing helmets so you can't exactly see the face. Of course, of course. So they look at you and ask, who might you be? Show your passes. Okay. I will show them my pass. And I'm Doris. I am amazed! My pronouns are heeem My pronouns are heeem, don't you forget! Okay... I see... What business do you have? You know, it's just I have a... You have one? I'm saying it by laughing. Stop laughing. Oh no, no, no. Alright, be serious. I'm just... My grandmother has not been feeling really good and she is in the South port so I'm visiting her with my good friend, Will, over here. Your grandmother, you say? And who am I, Dewey? Dorisa. I know Dorisa. You do a deception check. By the way, what's your... What is the efficiency on deception? Plus 7? You need a 21 to pass this. Oh my god no! It's over. No, it's not over. It's not over. It's Dorisa and Doris. Dorisa is my grandma and she's young and she's dying. I can't see! Very well then, you shall go in. But remember, I have my eyes on you. Good day. Okay. Yes. Okay, so... You enter the South Ward. I don't know where you remember you have entered this place for years. The last time you remember was when you were 15. So this is a bit new because it looks a bit different from how you remember. And this place seems to be more livelier compared to the dock ward. The people aren't as drained as the rock world and there's still merchant shops here and other things. Oh I thought you said there were merchant shops and I was like what? Just like that? Just like that? It was just like that? Just like that? There's a merchant shop and there's nylon and like there's other stuff. I can't believe that deception works. If there was nylon that would be like a jumpscare. Yeah okay, we're here now. Now what? Yeah, it's now what. We don't know where I don't know where my family is and we don't know where the Dominic guy is. He is also supposed to be in either South world or the Sea world. We have to look for him too. But I don't know where my family is. We can ask around but the thing is I don't think that Exactly! I don't think anybody would know. Weren't they be in hiding or anything of the sort? I doubt they'd be like all villainy. Well they did leave their whole stuff in the tower and the rest of them are probably being hunted. Probably. They're probably in hiding. Well, you know your family best. Is there a tavern here? There are taverns. So we can do one thing, we can go inside a tavern and like you know... There's like three taverns, one is close to you called Camorra's Blessing. The other one is a bit further ahead called the Red Gauntlet and there is another one that isn't exactly here but you can see it on like the signs it shows where the taverns are like the signs and it's called End Shift Tavern. Ancient? End Shift. E-N-D Shift. So, you know, if somebody wants to spell something, it's always in the tavern. You can like, you know, snoop around for any rumours or, you know, suspicious stuff that, you know, might be... So, which one would you like to go to first? We had Blessing something and then End Shift and what was the middle one? Red Gauntlet. We can go to the closest one. It was the first one. The Blessing? Tymora's Blessing, yes. We can go there, I guess. Okay. Tymora's Blessing is a very... It looks very Gurley Pop. So it's like a very pinkish purplish cavern as you go in it has butterflies roaming around in the air and you will notice a lot of women and there's not enough men here there's a lot of women here. Some look very... you know... and there are a few men but they are very flamboyant. Maybe we should. Imagine the performative males. Probably not. Maybe we'll go to the other tavern. You don't want to snoop around here? The fanboys scare you or something? Or the woman scare you? Or the woman scare you? What image is it? I don't know, we can just go. You want to leave the room? Go ahead. Do you not want to snoop around or like eat strong or
Page 16

whatever? There's mostly a woman! If Eleni or Leora were here then Joan but... Oh so you wanna go in with them I see I see It's gonna be weird if I just cried in here I mean... It's not like we are the only guys here You know? You see that fanboy over here? He's eyeing you or something No thank you, let's go to the next one Or is he eyeing me? A dying whale. You know. Nope, we can go. I'm leaving, I can't go out on the tab. I mean, I can't show you what... I mean. Okay, hold on, hold on. Consideration. What? What happened? Show, show, show. Why does that change your heart? Listen, listen, listen. Art is art. Show. Mm-hmm. Show us the femboy, is it another Azurius? Nooo The one eyeing whale, show us that femboy. This is like a character that I like a lot, so I'm just gonna use this. Okay. I think you guys will like it a lot. Yeah, I will definitely like it. Yeah, it's an NPC. Oh no. Oh my god, what the... Oh no. What? That is a fanboy? Are you sure that's a fanboy? Yes. Well, if you... If you... Um, you know... What? If you're not gonna talk to him, then I surely... I mean, listen, if he's officially an NPC, that means he might have something important. He is officially an NPC. Officially an NPC. Yes, go ahead, talk to him. I'm not gonna talk to him. He's literally... He's literally... I just realized it reminds me of Kaya. Oh my god. Kaya? Oh yeah. Hell yeah. We're just gonna be standing awkwardly and he doesn't know what to do. You need to learn your flirting skills if you want to flirt with Boris. I'm not. You can't say those words while wearing a face. What? What did I do? I'm just an itty bitty Doris. Itty bitty Doris. Oh my goodness, I need a drink. Also, would you like to remain as Doris or want to convert back? For now, I will remain as Doris. I don't think I should convert back just yet. There's also like other women. I mean like obviously you didn't see the woman yet. Can you like, you know, Yes, of course. I hate how pretty the man is, I love his hair. Yeah. Where's the- where you need to drink? Go ahead, where, go ahead. Away from the forest. Away from Doris. Plenty of pretty people. Yeah, this is the girly pop nation. Yeah, girly pop nation. I was about to kill myself. These are the prominent faces you'll see around you. Oh my god. Oh my god, can I have all of... Dores is gonna go have a Haram and I'm just gonna be at the best. Oh the one with the... The one with the gem? Yes. She looks like she's doing something like necromancy or something like that. Even her eyes. Okay, I can do the thing. Swayl just walks up to the bar counter and sits down a little away. He's not gonna directly interact with anyone. and the bartender greets you and the bartender is somewhere. Oh my god, there's a Kaya tiefling? What? Hello? Hold on, put the femboy aside the board and then... You can't do this to me! You can't do this to me! Well, it's already been done. My heart can't take it. Why are there so many pretty people? Just say it, just say it bro. You see my jaw drop in the side of him in the background of this? Then I just close it. I realize that it's hanging and I just close it. Well, it's just gonna take like the hood part of his cloak off. You know, a little more open. You keep flirting with the bartender. I'm not flirting with the bartender! The bartender approaches you and asks, like, they put their hands on the counter. Oh no. And, uh, they burn the phone and they... Not like that, what would you like to have my dear? Yes! Okay, okay. I don't want to get an alcoholic drink. What are non-alcoholic drinks? A non-alcoholic drink? Well... Hmm... Might surprise you with something special. Okay, so you see him bring out some confoctin from the back. It looks red and he pours it into a glass. He brings a yellowish syrup on top of the... you know the layer thing in Star Hills? Yes. So he layers in that and adds some berries and mixes it and adds a block of ice and gets a table. Interesting. What's in it? Well, I did say it was special. You could try it first. I'll take a small sip of it. As you do, you feel this immense sensation that you haven't felt in a long while. It's as if all your thirst has been vanquished. You want to drink more. It's sweet and tangy as well. That's an interesting taste. Yeah. Well, it's gonna drink a little bit more of it. Mmm. I see you like your drink. Not bad. Mmm. If you need anything more, don't be shy to ask. And he goes on to a different, like people waiting on a different table. Is it working? What is working? There's the flirting. I was not flirting. He made me a drink. Oh, that's a big step. Even though he's a bartender, it's his job. I might have to pay for it before I leave. Well, the guy over there looks like he can pay for you. I'm not looking at him. Where's my drink though? You haven't asked. Just gonna ask. Keep drinking my drink. Hey, um... He's busy with other customers. You can still say something. I try to get his attention, like I wave at him. Like, can I get some of that, you know, some of that, you know, something my friend is drinking? I don't know this one. Why sure, dear. And he goes to the back again and grabs the same concoction. It's red. He puts in the yellow syrup. and berries and a block of ice and gives it to you. Well, tell me how, like, if there's anything else you want. Oh, nothing. I was just lost in the way you were making those drinks. You look quite handy. Why, thank you. I could say the same for you. Oh. My biceps are working. Oh
Page 17

my god, where is he hiding his face? I just wink at him. And then he turns away and goes to the other customers again. Well, it's just as bad as taking such of his drink. As you do that, The guy looks away and starts banging his fingers on the counter very lightly as if he's stressed. He's what? He's stressed? Why was he looking at me then? Yeah. Looks like our guy over there might need help or something. You wanna check it out, Will? You're playing into my weakness, you bastard. I'm just helping you. Bastard. Will's just gonna like, contemplate for a minute before just being defeated Sai getting up and going towards the guy. And? He's gonna be just like... I'm fine. I was just... It's nothing. Yeah. Okay, that's so ominous. You sure? I noticed you looking over. Well, I guess I just haven't seen you before here. I was just curious. I see, and who's that friend of yours? Don't mind me. I'm used to sipping my drink at the bar and I'm giving him a thumbs up. Giving Veil a thumbs up. Ignore them, just to travel companion. Well, it looks rather peculiar but I don't mind. You guys seem interesting. Interesting is pretty right. So what exactly are you doing here? That is a very deep question. I could ask you the same thing. You are asking him that? No, no, I-I-I-I- you can ask that, you know, counter question if you're not comfortable telling. I mean, the same thing. I can just give the same excuse. Yeah, like, the same reason you are here. No. Enjoy, you know, just taking in the sight of all of these beautiful people. Oh, did you mean what I'm doing in the tavern or what I'm doing in, like, in general? Yeah. He's asking you what you're doing in the South Ward. Yeah, that's what I was going to say. Oh! Okay. Um... God damn it! Rory Fraser, like, what brings you here? That's what he said. Like, a kinder way. The fact that my grandma is dying and I'm here in the tavern having drinks it does not look good! I want you to do a deception. Oh no! I don't have any deception. That's even better. It's 16, the DC. It literally is 16. That is insane. So... Well, it is rather odd that you're here, but I guess... I mean, he mains the tavern by the way. But, alas, I hope your grandma He's fine. He doesn't laugh at all. He offers you a seat on his table. Left? Honestly, I thought about it otherwise. I thought about it otherwise. No, okay. Where's gonna sit down? So I was thinking that book you carry, what is it? My Grimoire? Yeah, it looks very distinct. I can sense the magic from here. Well, I found it and I kind of I see... Where did you find it exactly? Why is he so... Why is he being so invasive? Why would you want to know? What didn't you like to know? I'm trying to be nice here! Um... No, I'm just... Oh yes, because as I am a part of a sorcerer's guild, I find these things quite... quite thought-provoking. Because this sort of magic is not seen in our own head. Oh, well, I'm not really from Waterdeep, so... That much I did guess, but I still wonder... Can I see your book? Oh. I usually don't let others, you know, take it. Well, I won't force you, I'm just sorry. I let my curiosity get the best of me. I don't know much about it. I've been learning about it as I go. So... you just uncovered a potentially dangerous book and you're learning from it? What if you put it that way? It is rather ominous, the aura it lets out. I'm sorry I keep I mean, all magic is dangerous in a way. I never really thought too much about it. Well, you are right about that. As a sorcerer myself, I do find magic to be quite daunting. What kind of magic do you usually use? Well, I... I like to delve into different types of transformations. Transformations? Yeah. Perhaps you could say I like to turn into things that you wouldn't necessarily imagine. What? For example, I like the prospects of a druid. Sometimes I like turning into a peacock. And sometimes I could be a hairbrush. That would be cute if you would actually laugh at it. That was completely incant. A hairbrush. Well that's just silly. Yeah, well, I like to be useful in certain scenarios, so. Or hide. Oh, well, transformations were definitely enough for that. I'm a gourd, bored air. I am. I am. Okay. I hope that he... I mean, we can't tell the bowmen of these guys. Can people sense it? You know, especially somebody of his caliber? Um... Potentially. Oh, um... Interesting. What? Why? Come up left. Yeah, he said he was going over there. So, he's not coming, no. I mean I guess we are just doing conversation. He was never coming. Well, if you wanna see, I kinda wanna show Nick's. Nick? Oh! How would you like to do that? Let's see, how do I do this? Well, if you're... I'm curious, I can do something like this and then Vale's gonna open his grimoire and Nyx is gonna like jump out and wrap herself around Vale's shoulders. Oh, well that is quite interesting. I do love beelines but this one seems intent on protecting you. I see her name's Nyx. Oh Nyx, perfect for such a cat. Well I might add that to one of my transformation collections. Oh. I see, okay. I'm still wondering, did he just keep on looking over because of the grimoire? Yeah. I thought it was bamboozled. No, that doesn't have to be it, you know. You explained whale to keep holding a conversation. The only reason it went so long was because of magic. Well, at least you held the conversation for more than five seconds. Wait, I wonder if I can ask him at least about Dominic. Okay, what would you like to say? How do I word this? So in
Page 18

addition to all of that mess, I'm actually also looking for someone. Do you happen to know someone named Dominique? You see his face gets a bit perked up at the name and she I don't think we did, right? What do you know about him is basically what he does. The only thing I know about him is that he knows Ancient Inferno. Oh, so you're looking for a translator? Yes. Well, I could help you, but I'm not really sure where he is anymore. He should be in the South Ward. He hasn't came back to the guild at all for some time. Was he part of your sorcerer's guild? Yes, he was indeed. I do miss him. I haven't seen him in two years. What was he like? Like you could say he was a silly sort. You'd find him doing pranks everywhere. And yeah, and he used to translate all of the books in our guild now that he's gone. We have to rely on outsourcing our translation from different regions and it's been very difficult without him. I haven't even seen Dominic but I already like him because he was a consort just like me. So he just disappeared up and out of the blue? Yeah, I'm not really sure. But I hope he comes around. Two years is a long time. Okay. So while, while Vale was having this conversation, I wanna like, each drop, each drop the people around me just like, you know, pretend, um, like, just I'm not minding my own business, but actually my ears are not minding their own business. Do a perception check. Okay. Does that work? Yes. You'll notice that around you there is two women talking to each other. It's the one with the The light bluish skin and the one with the flowers and the cool antlers. Not antlers, the horns. They are talking about their flower shop. Oh, the whole flower shop. Yes. The purple one. Hello! Hello! Hello! Go away! Why? I'm trying to focus here! Uh-huh! Focus on the imagination? Yes! Uh, the purple one... The purple one... The... The other... Oh my god! The one with the cyan hair, the teeth in, and the one that... How do I describe it? Everyone except the girl wearing the crown, the three of them, are sitting in a different corner and they are talking about passions. Yes, and the girl with the purple skin is talking about haircuts. Okay, interesting. Priorities? Yes. Cute, but okay, works. Yeah, that's not relevant to what I want you to hear. Obviously. The woman with the crown is indeed holding a gem of sorts and is rather focused on it. Yeah, I don't wanna get in between whatever she's doing. Okay. What am I supposed to say now? What are you supposed to do when they... Hold on, I'm thinking. When? I mean, not quite. I don't see- Oh no, hold on, this is so risky, but... But I've seen White know something about Nihiloth too, since you know, wizards, sorcerers... I don't know. I'm thinking about that but I'm not sure if I should ask. Um... We can just say that my grandma needs like a... Needs like a... E-Electure or like a cure that only Nyloth can make. Or that only Nyloth can make. Oh wow. Can you ask me about the whole watch and every situation? Yeah. Of course. Well, it's my first time here in Waterdeep. You've been here a while, I'm guessing. What's the deal with all the watch people? Well, it appears the Masked Lords have let in a new watch. This is It's what seems quite set on rules and regulations and they have been streamlining all the trade and most of the merchants here have their lives ruined. They're under debt and yeah, it's not The Dark Ward is under a lot of pressure. Why is it only the Dark Ward? Why are they putting so much pressure on it? I know that it's a den of criminals or whatever, but... Is this correct to what happened six months ago or a year ago? What are you saying? I'm just saying... I just hope that it's not because... I see Thank you for your time. Well, thank you as well. Average male. I guess it's that why I scooped into the picture. Why didn't you? I was enjoying watching Veil make conversation, you know? I just walk up to them and I'm just like you. Oh, looks like you're having fun Veil. Enjoy your magic conversation. What do you want? I don't know. I just whispered to you like I thought you wanted to get out or something. I do, why are you doing it like this? No, I just wanted to see the men from up close anyways. Oh my goodness. Well... Because of your height you're able to see a lot. What do you mean? Oh fuck. Back then. Anyways... I'm able to see a lot of eyes. Oh my god no. Sorry, Bottom will leave now. What? You have quite a- Dores! Dores! Not another word! Okay, fine. Now I'm just gonna compliment his fashion style, you know. He knows, he knows what's up. He's keeping up with the trends. And I still have that ink on me. No one's gonna say anything but... Okay, okay. So, thank you for your time. I'm afraid I never caught your name. Oh, well. The name is... Oh, I don't know what it is. What is it? No. Thea. Yes. Thea? Thea? Yeah. Oh. Well... It was nice meeting you. Well, Thea, Thea, little... Oh wow! Of course. Okay. Gael, it was a nice feeling of Fio. Like, get up and push Doris out. Okay. I hope we see each other again! No! Out! Come on! Fio waves and closes his eyes and smiles. Oh my god! First hour. Oh my god, it's 1.19am. We have Fajr, not Fajr, we have Sari and same thing. We also have an online class at 8. Of course. That's it, man. I guess.
Page 19

