17
March 12, 2026
Session Summary
The party rests briefly at the tavern before Violet urges a midnight raid on a suspicious modern building harboring child traffickers. They uncover a nightmarish basement lab with tanks of black stag blood, syringes, and prisons filled with tiefling child remains. A surviving child implodes horrifically after contact, spreading the staining curse. Research reveals 'The Staining' ritual phases turning victims into scribes for an ancient stag entity. They battle four masked cultists in a ritual chamber via a blood-activated portal, unleashing massive AoE spells to slay them. Five trance-scribing children are rescued and pocketed for safety. Violet provides a lead on Dominique in the sewers, parting with a mana-contact card.
Timeline of Events
1. Party rests at tavern inn after long adventuring, discussing leads on mutiny, Dominique, Sorcerer's Guild.
2. Durnehviir and Vale shower awkwardly amid technical glitches and random encounters. 3. Violet knocks mid-sleep, leads to modern 'no trespassing' building behind tavern. 4. Unlock door, dispel illusionary kitchen wall to access ominous basement. 5. Discover tanks of black animal blood (later identified as stag), syringes with residue, eerie
waiting area. 6. Find blood-filled prison cells with tiefling child flesh remains via Nature checks. 7. Rescue lone camouflaged tiefling child who cries about 'Simon', implodes leaking black
substance onto Vale. 8. Examine warden's clipboard: 24 tiefling subjects, 19 dead, 5 scribes remaining, injected with
'Blood of the Ancient'. 9. Lab reveals 40-year-old 'Staining' research: phases awakening scribes to Great Stag's will. 10. Multiple Faerűn sites (400+ facilities), Sophia survived exposure, human blood incompatible. 11. Follow footprints to stag-skull ritual room with warded teleport orb; stag blood vial activates
for party. 12. Stealth into chamber: masked figures oversee 5 tranced children scribing forbidden
knowledge. 13. Initiate combat with combined Ice Storm, Storm Sphere, Fireball nova (~50-80 damage),
slaying two sisters instantly. 14. Eldritch Blasts, Nyx attacks, Dragon's Breath, Chromatic Orbs, Riptide finish horned leader
and survivor amid reactions and blinks.
Page 1

15. Rescue unconscious children, seize dissimilar grimoire-like books with transmutation lore. 16. Return to tavern via portal, store kids in pocket dimension, hand to Violet. 17. Violet reveals Dominique in southern sewage canal, gives mana-card contact.

Quests

Investigate the Staining and Great Stag Cult

[Discovered]

Found research on 'Blood of the Ancient' (stag blood), phases of Staining; 400+ facilities;

connection to Watch; Vale exposed but resisted

Warn Sophia
Survived black substance longer than expected; need to find her and swordsman

[Accepted]

Rescue Children from Predators

[In Progress]

Discovered basement lab; found remains of 19 tiefling children; rescued 5 surviving children from

trance; placed in pocket dimension; many dead from 'Staining' experiments

Characters & NPCs

Violet
Contact/Leader Rogue/cleric hybrid with amulet, provides lead on child operation and Dominique, gives mana-activated card for assistance
Dominique
Target Hiding in southern sewage canal/system, lead provided by Violet
Simon
Mentioned figure Name cried by imploding tiefling child

Page 2

Sophia
Survivor Human woman who encountered black substance/blood and survived longer than expected, research target
Locations
Waterdeep
City deep underwater due to flooding, site of brewing mutiny led by player's adopted family
Tavern Inn
Location for resting upstairs, shower on third floor, behind it is the target building
Modern Building Behind Tavern
Newly established (two weeks old), no trespassing, front door locked, leads to hidden basement lab/prison
Basement Laboratory
Hidden behind illusory kitchen wall, contains blood tanks, injections with black residue, prison cells with tiefling child remains, warden's desk, research room, ritual cave room with teleport orb
Ritual Chamber
Accessed via warded teleport orb using stag blood, contains stag statues, round table, pentagram, stag skull
Sorcerer's Guild
Location to inquire about player's family
Sewage Canal
Southern area hiding spot for Dominique, leads into sewage system
Loot & Items
Page 3

Books of Forbidden Knowledge (x5)
5 books written by children under trance; cover emblem like Vale's grimoire; contents on magical sources, transmutations (stone to diamond, humanoids to air) Taken to pocket dimension
Vial of Stag Blood
Black substance from tanks; 'Blood of the Ancient'; used to open warded portal Collected after shattering container
Violet's Mana Card
Contact card; infuse mana to signal Violet Given after fulfilling bargain
Lead on Dominique
Hiding in south sewage canal/system From Violet
Combat Encounters

Encounter at Stag ritual chamber beyond warded portal
Enemies: Masked Sister 1, Masked Sister 2, Horned Cultist, Masked Cultist Outcome: Party victorious Loot: Cultist remains (final Staining stage)

Memorable Quotes

"It's not like I'm gonna tickle you with my mage hand while you are sleeping. That's too specific."
-- Alenia

"Next time I will let you borrow the ink. I will ask Nylon to give you the ink and then you can smell it all day long as much as you want."
-- Alenia

"Behave! I say through the container, behave!"

-- Durnehviir

Page 4

"I have been observing for some time, and I feel your heart racing a bit too much, Vale. Is everything okay?"
-- Alenia
Next Steps
· Visit Sorcerer's Guild for Durnehviir's family/revolutionary intel. · Track Dominique in southern sewage system canal. · Reunite rescued children with families or safe haven. · Analyze seized books vial of stag blood. · Monitor Vale's staining progression privately.
Page 5

Session Transcript
A lot of memories with this song. Spicy scenes. Wait, there were spicy scenes with this actually. So you guys remember where we left off from? Yes, we were going to show those fuckers that it's not okay to assault children. So it is heavily advised that you take a rest first Before venturing onward. Yeah, it's like the warning screen. You should take a rest. So, would you guys like to settle down at this tavern? Settle down? Yeah. No, like take a rest. Like a camping trip? I already did. No, like a discussion type. Why are the tokens not loading for me? They are loading for me. You are still like drinking at the bar. Yeah, no, that's fine. The NPCs are not loading for me. The NPCs are not loading for anyone, so we just ignore that. They load it for me. Oh, but anyways. They are not loading for me. So we pretend that, you know, they're there. Okay, so there is an inn on top. I mean like in this davern. So you can sleep upstairs if you want. Oh my god, we can sleep. Yes, you guys have not slept for a long time. Yeah, god damn. I mean, I don't know, I'm a bit restless, you know. The inn only costs 10 gold coins. That's fine. So you can just rest from before we went out to get some child predators. So you guys can Collect your thoughts and expectations while you're, you know, resting. Before you rest, I mean. Okay, so I'm doing no sofa. Are we like in the same room or something? Sure. You can be if you want. There could be like a bunk bed. Yeah, separate beds. There's no one bedroom here. I'm taking the top one, if there are bugs best. Go ahead. And, uh, Alenia talks. Alenia talks? Oh my god, Alenia! I shall take... hmm... which one? There's also like a bed on the right. So Alenia takes like the bed on the right. No! No, I can't die! Okay, okay, fine. I'll take the one below Dunno. Damn, Bill. It's not like I'm gonna, you know, tickle you with my mage hand while you are sleeping. That's too specific. I'm not gonna do that. Why am I regretting this already? Is it Alenia talking? Yes. It's Alenia. I don't wanna face your breath. What do we know so far? Well, Waterdeep is like deep underwater because of the water. Who woulda tank it? And there is a mutiny brewing and it stands out my adopted family is leading the mutiny so yeah. and then we have a lead on Dominique which, you know, we have to... for that we have to... yes. There was... yeah. There was what? Four people that were... that we had to like... right? Yeah. And a whole lot of children to save. That's that part. If we do that then the AD is gonna help us find a lead on Dominique. Dominique, whatever. Then there's... The thing of still finding your family, that means we had to go to the Sorcerer's Guild. Yup. I was gonna say Sorcerer's Sundries. I was gonna say Sovereign's Guild, but I don't know where my Sovereign's came from. Sorcerer's Guild for that, that's just gonna be like the whole revolutionary and your family bullshit. Then... Oh, um... I'm gonna pretend you didn't just do that. Okay, what else is there? I think that's pretty much it. What about the... like when you looked into the thoughts of Violet, what did you see? I'm talking as Alenia. Who is Violet again? Or the lady? Yeah. Or the lady you're talking to. She didn't reveal anything. She was pretty steadfast in what she wanted us to do. That's where there were like four figures that seemed in charge of the whole thing she wants us to get rid of. She said there were around 30 to 50 children. 20 to 30. 20 to 30 children to sales. Yeah, it just sounds like we have our work cut out for us, but... Yes. We can't let those children, you know, just sit there in a prison. Best we get some proper rest for the first time in a while. I really need a shower. Can I take a shower before we venture forth? Well, I do remember there was a shower on the third floor. So maybe you could give that a try. Also, I was thinking, did you guys notice like There's an amulet on Violet, like, on her back. I'm assuming that she might be a cleric and a rogue. Oh, that is a interesting combination. Yeah. It's like two sides of the same coin. Exactly. You never see that, do you? No, at all. That's interesting. Well, Dunivir is gonna go shower. I'm gonna... just... Watch this, it ain't calm. I hope that it's time it comes out. I may not... one second be ready. Hopefully you're done. You're saying more than like five words. What has gotten into you? What? Why are you... Nothing. I'm just... Can't I talk? Like... Is there something wrong? No, it's like... It's just... It's like there's a different type of air around you, if you know what I mean. You don't say... Perhaps it's that scent that comes off of you from the magical ink. Um... Okay. What? I'm complimenting you. Um, thank you? Yeah, that is definitely not Alenia. What can I say? Alright, I will go take a part. Okay. I'm gonna miss that smell. Why? Elenia, stop sniffing me. Stop sniffing me, Elenia. Where did Vale go? Is it Chromataz? Where is Chromataz in the corner? That would be kind as well. Okay. Okay, go now. Take that tower.
Page 6

There is one person in the shower room. What the f***? Yes. Can I just knock on the door? I'm like, I wanna knock on the door and I'm like, is anyone inside? Yes, who are you? It's a man's voice. How much time will it take you? Well, give me five and I'll be done. Okay. I just like lean against them all and wait. Ten minutes passed and he still hasn't came up. What the f- Um, okay I knock again and I'm like, did you like, did you like faint or something? Are you okay? It's been ten minutes. He has it now. I'm sorry I didn't pay attention. And you hear like quick... They quickly get ready and he comes out. Just to calm him out. Yes. Oh, oh. and says, um, sorry for making you wait and leaves. Okay, that was interesting. It was just about somebody I knew. Somebody we saw from the tavern. Oh my god. Oh... Yeah, that would be something. There's only a shower head. That's it? Yes, that's it. Okay, lock the door. Don't want anybody coming in and, you know, traumatizing themselves. Why am I describing this? This feeling? Hold on, I have to be right back This is not what it looks like. This is not what it looks like. This sounds like Aris caught you doing smartly. I'm taking my trousers off. My hands brush against the amulet in my pocket and I almost forgot I had it. So I take it out. It's kind of glowing a bit. And I just put it like in, you know, somewhere safe. And then I hop into the shower. Finally. And I like aggressively scrub myself trying to get rid of the ink. Beautiful. And the ink begins to come off very slowly. But you can feel it burning your skin slightly as it comes off. But it's only gonna be temporary. Oh my god, I have heard of sunburn but inkburn. Indeed. Okay. So, I'm taking my shower. The ink is off. I look like I have not been through hell anymore. Congratulations. When you cleaned off the magical ink, you now look squeaky clean like plastic. Oh no. Oh okay. Okay, what is that supposed to be? I mean like shiny and stuff. Yup. And... Yeah. Is there a mirror? Or was that it? There is a mirror outside of the shower. Okay, I'm gonna like... get ready. Get ready. Look in the mirror and just examine my face. I'm not examining because I'm like a narcissist, I'm just you know. Hard to clarify. I examine my markings, they look a bit smudged. Smudged? No. You know, I have this thing, you can say it's like, you know, some glittery thing that I used to, like, I apply on my markings. Yes. Oh, nice. And now I look fabulous. It's very covered. Covered of the bathroom. With the em- oh yeah, I forgot the emulet. You forgot the amulet? I forgot the amulet as soon as I realized that I'm outside the bathroom and I go straight amulet and I go back and... My spirit is gonna be so disappointed. You feel this discomfort coming from within you. That is not your own. Because you almost lost your ambulance. That's the funniest way to almost lose an ambulance. Just forgetting it in the bathroom. By the way, before they got in the bathroom, there was a guy. Let me show you. Oh no! The guy was fabulous. I feel like Vale should shower as well. Okay, as soon as- Um... Anyway... But no, I wasn't saying it because of the guy. I was saying it. No, your timing was... The timing was... Yeah! Maybe I should get it then. Yeah, no way. Maybe I should get it there. Oh my god... Oh yes, that was the one. He was in a tunnel, by the way. Just... Oh my god, I don't need to know that. Um... I mean I did not do anything, we didn't do anything okay? It was like a civilized two second convoy. That's it. Anyways, they come out of the bathroom. My way back. Yes, this time with my ambulance. And I like whisper a small sorry to myself, to the spirit. and you hear this sigh from Mwini. Oh god. Can you believe me a lot as I've been through? True. Well, you are a child. Huh? Nothing, nothing. I was just mumbling to myself. Is this murder? It is murder, yes. You know you can talk to me. You do realize whose mumbling I hear all day long, right? What did he say? He's saying you do realize whose mumbling I hear all day long being in here. Well, is it my fault that you are literally, you know, sharing my body? Whatever I do, you can hear it. Whatever I feel, you can feel it. Well that is true to some extent. It's just you should be grateful rather than whatever you're being right now. I am grateful for the great lake spirit. I am grateful. Yes, take better care of that heirloom man. It's like I'm being scolded as if Nyloth wasn't enough. I might be a fan of this Nailoth, you speak up. No, I'm not sure if he's gonna be a fan of you. We shall see. A great mage, you say, might take a liking to a spirit. Ah, we will see. But I don't know what's gonna happen once he finds out that I literally died and was reborn with you inside Yeah, how about you rehearse that before you, you know, encounter him? I was thinking, rather than just, you know, telling him that I'll just show him. And by showing him, I need your help with that. How about you go get some rest for now? We shall see when the time comes. I was deflecting. Fine, fine, I'll just... Okay. And you go back to your room? Yes, I go back to my room. Okay. And you see Alenia trying, like, They were like laying on their bed and they look up and see... Oh no, the smell is gone now. I apologize. You know what, next time I will let you borrow the ink. I will ask Nylon to give you the ink and then you can smell it all day long as much as you want. No thank you, I'm good. Yes, how about we get on to resting? Can we
Page 7

plan? Yeah. Like the bathroom is free if anybody wants to go and I'll just side-eye wail. Why are you side-eye? Side-eye, go on. Goddamn. Yo, go ahead, Dusty Shadow Boy. Those are a lot of words from one eye, I see. Dusty Shadow Boy is just... Every time, okay. He's gonna like take his whole satchel up to the bathroom because he's not leaving his things in the bathroom. Of course, of course. Yeah, just make sure to knock, you know, just in case. Uh, okay. Okay. So where's gonna I go up to the bathroom and he didn't do the weird side of the bathroom, gently knock on the door first. You do hear splashes of water coming from the shower. And someone is in there indeed. Oh no, I don't want to say that. Okay, Will's just gonna wait outside, but he's gonna avoid looking at himself in the mirror. Oh, that is sad. He doesn't want to see the dusty shadow. No, I didn't mean it like that. Oh my god, that is so depressing. Okay, so someone leaves... You can do it! This person leaves and you see what appears to be a kobold. Let me just show you. It's like those lizard creatures, right? Wait, hold on. Was it on this creature? It kinda was a lizard. Cobalt. Cobalt. Oh yeah, never mind. It's not a cobalt. It's a... Whatever it is, you'll be the judge of it. It's a goblin. Imagine it's a goblin waiting for Vale. I don't want to. It's like that bugs open. It is a goblin. It is a goblin. Oh my god. I don't want to deal with that. What did you want to deal with? Nothing. What was it your reaction? What is where is the reaction? Where is this going to blink and be like, oh. in there with somebody. Nooo! No no no no no no no no no no. It was just a one person. So the goblin was the one who left I thought. Yes yes. I thought somebody else left and the goblin was just standing there smirk- No no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no. Why does it look like they are showering in the picture? I'm gonna let them leave before going into the bathroom. You see this guy wink at you as they leave. Oh my god. What the hell am I supposed to do? So Vale is just gonna slowly undress and take a warm shower and get all the dust and grime off of himself. Then he's just gonna dry off and get dressed again in similar tattered clothes. But at least he has a nice comfortable cloak. As you're putting on your things and as you get your hands, you Feel like you haven't seen these black stained hands for a while. And it reminds you of how your life was like how you were like ostracized in Baldur's game because of your appearance. God. Yeah. I was just gonna put his gloves back on. I like how whales are depressing all of a sudden. He's gonna quietly make his way back into the room and go to bed. Okay. So, we're finally going to sleep after weeks. Yes, Alenia, do you even sleep? Do you sleep with your blindfold on? Well, sometimes. Sometimes? You'll never know when, but sometimes. Yeah, we will see about that. I was gonna say sleep with your eyes open, but that doesn't make quite much sense. Sleep with your eyes open for Alenia, ah yes! As we sleep, a few hours go by and we hear a knock on the door. So should we check it out? Vale is going to be the first to wake up but I think he can answer. Okay Vale, see who it is. The front door welcomes Violet waiting eagerly. Durnehviir still like sprawled on top of the bed. Violet says there's no better time than right now. It's in the middle of the night. No one will see us. We'll be able to get in just fine. Um, yeah, you're right. Okay. Don't know, Liora, come here. Five more seconds, Bob. Bob? You've never had a walk. Exactly. I apparently do. That makes it worse. Wake up! You might need to reach me. I'm gonna pull you off the bed. Do a wisdom saving throw to me. For what reason? I'm gonna pull you off the bed. Okay. You have awoken. What are you dreaming about? Anyways, alright. What? Oh, it's you. It's just looking while it. Who else were you expecting? No, nothing, nothing. Yeah, so we are leaving? Yeah, basically. Elenia? Where is Elenia? Elenia is standing there. Okay. Okay. Waiting, yeah. Okay. So, while it guides you outside, and remember like she said that it was behind the tavern? So, behind the tavern you'd notice a somewhat... This building looks rather different compared to the other ones. It looks very modern, like modern as in newer compared to the other buildings, as if it was just established. Interesting. A while, a while as in like maybe like two weeks ago, perhaps. That's weird. That's very inconvenient. Very inconvenient? No, wait, I meant that's like a very weird coincidence. Why did I say inconvenient? Yeah. This building has no trespassing written all over it. The sign can't stop me because I can't read! You can't read? Exactly! Okay. So, the front door appears to have a lock on it. Would one of you care to do the orders of unlocking said door? No no no. Either you can or you can ask why Liora. Okay so the thing is, we can try looking at the door but what if it alerts the people inside? What do you use to unlock? Is it sleight of hand or what? Sleight of hand. How much do you have? I have plus 4 but I'm asking if it's gonna alert the people. I would also have plus 4 with the bracelet I took from Melton. Yeah, you do. Okay, so, coin. How much did Violet have? Okay. Violet has plus 8. Oh my god. Anyways, so... Violet brings out her lockpick, it begins to pick away at the lock and... That was so weird. And it opens and you notice that inside It is completely dark. I know you have dark vision, I
Page 8

don't care. It's dark inside, there's no light. And this room is like, you know like, you go into a Bangalore and there's like a central hall, then there's stairs going to different sides of the house etc. So on the first floor there's a room on the left and a room on the right and in the middle you're in the central hall and you can go up the stairs to different rooms. However, what we are concerned with is the basement. So explore or store what? There is no map for this. Yeah, but there is one for the basic. At this point, the more we explore, I feel like we have more chance of alerting, you know? You're right, there is. That's true. We could explore after we kill a brain. I mean, yeah, that's true too. And like, I don't think Violet would appreciate us snooping around instead of, you know, helping. You can always know that later. Yes, we can do that later. Do the kids. Okay, yeah, we can go straight to the basement. Yes. Liberate the kids. Liberate the kids. Yes, so I want you to do an investigation check to find this basement. that is somewhere hidden in the first floor. What the fuck?! The first not-worn in the second. Anyways... Yeah, Violet, go ahead. Alenia exists. Alenia. Alenia. For good. Okay. Alenia, please. Sixth Sense ID. I'll use all the wisdom I have given to me by the land And let's see... What the fuck? The lens did not give you enough wisdom it seems. And you hear Violet say, must I do everything? And investigate with a plus seven. There we go. Oh, damn. Oh, that like... That's good, otherwise I would have been embarrassing. You find this basement hidden away in a room behind a kitchen and as you go down you come across a smaller room with Kitchen Supplies. Oh, Kitchen Supplies. And there doesn't seem to be much more here. Can I check for illusions? Yes. Yes. Okay. You notice that the wall on your left, the The wall and kitchen supplies are but a physical illusion. There it is. Though you do have to disarm this one, you can't walk through it. I have Dispel Magic. Yeah, okay. Does Dispel Magic use up a spell slot? I should check that. Yeah. It's a third level spell and it does, I think. Yeah, it should actually. Okay, just use that up and... Yeah, there we go. Okay. And you see a pathway that looks very... How should I put it? It looks very ominous. Like the bricks are laid out completely differently to how the house is. You know, it's... It looks eerie, disturbing. As you go down, you come across this area that appears to have a lot of containers. Like... Tanks, tank containers. And, uh, you know just a Humani tanky, okay? Oh! Like that, that's the container. Uh, so these containers are made up of metal around the room and, uh, there seem, there seems to be a lot of injections. and a lot of... Yeah, that's all I say for now. That's disturbing. Also, did the map change or no? Not yet. After this part, that'll be a map. The injections are... like what are they made of? Pick up the syringe and see what it is. Do... made of? Okay, no, for this I don't think you need to do any checks actually, it's like kind of in your case. So you noticed that these injections have black residue on them. What were they using this for? What do you even guess? Does Violet know anything? Violet looks at all of this concern and says, what the fuck is happening here? I wasn't expecting any of this. Be on guard. Let's keep moving. and uh... Shouldn't we investigate the... Yeah, like look around. Okay. So Alenia would like to look at the... What did I recall? The tanks, yes. The tanks, yeah. Let's do an investigation, shall we? This time I'll use all the power of the lands between and the heavens. Oh, thank god. I know it was almost at 5. Anyways, Alenia notices that by opening the tank from above, you see that it's full of black Substance. Can you tell what that substance is or no? Yeah, what does it do? What is it useful? I... To figure that out, I want you to do an Arcana of 27. Oh my god. I cannot do that. I cannot. I mean, obviously not you. Obviously not you. 27 is insane. What if she gets a net 20? You have inspiration too, by the way. I do have inspiration. That didn't hit. Okay. If you get a net 20, then it will count. Oh! Oh, okay. Okay, nice. You notice that this mood appears to be blood. What? Oh no. Blood of an animal. You can't make up what animal it is exactly. However, it feels quite familiar. The animal. Familiar? Do you want nature check? Do you want nature check? That won't help. This is a bit... I'm guessing this is what they were putting into the injections? Yes, but... But what were they injecting with this? Is it a wolf blood? I don't know. Wolf blood? That's disturbing. An animal that's really familiar? Black and blood. Please don't be a cat. I don't... yeah, no, that's what I was thinking, but I don't think so... I can't! No, please no. Please no. We're just gonna step away from the tanks and just... ugh. Anything else, Dunce? Is there anything else to investigate? Um... not... Really? There's like benches and chairs laid out everywhere for multiple people to sit. Is this like a waiting room or what? You could say that. Like think of it as a doctor's office waiting room but all combined into one. I have a bad feeling. An epiphany? Yes, we are surrounded by containers of blood. We have injections of blood. I feel like we might be in a vampire tent. What? I don't know. Maybe. Maybe. Violet, just tell me one thing. These people you told us about, Are they supposed to be supernatural or something? Well,
Page 9

one thing I did leave out was they might have something to do with the watch. You... We were trying not to get involved with that shit yet. Next time, don't leave these details out, you know, just you know, because we are in it together. Well, I'll try my best. Alright, let's keep moving. And as you keep moving, hear Distant cries and, uh, You come across what appears to be a prison. A prison? PTSD. Yeah. This... Hold on, let me just see the prison before I shorten. Is anybody else getting Deja-U? Yep. The prison. and technically in the prison. Yeah, you exploded. I came later. I exploded. Okay, so as you keep making your way forward, you see this prison and you hear a cry in the distance and from the gate of I'm gonna miss out You see there's multiple cells and in each cell there seems to be blood coming out. What would you like to do? Can we see if there's anybody around first? There is a distant cry at the far edge. Can we go and investigate? What's inside the prism? You can check that perhaps. Oh, it's just full of blood. What the fuck is that? Oh, that's... Okay, her token changed. Just ignore that. Ignore that. Oh my god. I was like, who the fuck is that? There's just blood in all of these. Can we see, investigate, perceive or whatever? Which one are you perceiving first? This one. The one close to me. You notice that on the floor of this floor and walls with the blood there's Supposed flesh around the cells. Is anybody inside the cell? No one seems to be inside that cell. Is it animal flesh or human flesh? I want you to do a nature check. I mean, I'll give you two options. Don't start it here. So with the nature, if you get a 15, I'll tell you like everything and if you get around 10 plus below 15 and 10 plus I'll tell you vague information. Yes. Okay. Okay. I don't have- I have plus 4 on nature so let's see how this goes. Fuck! Ohhhh! Oh my god! Oh! No! Dammit! Elenia, your turn! Okay... Let me see how much Elenia has. How much is my Elenia? Probably a lot. Let's see, let's see... If only I had like plus one instead of minus one. Oh my god, Alenia. Jesus. Oh! Hell yeah! Alenia again. Okay. Yup. Okay, so... These are the remains of Tieflings. That's fucked up! Children, to be exact. We are both Teeflakes. We literally have two Teeflakes standing here. I'm gonna take a stab back and move on. Are all the cells in a similar state? Yes, they all contain the flesh of Teeflake children. Okay, let's go investigate the screams. Nobody, the cells are empty. All the cells. All cells are empty. I want to move everyone just so we aren't just all, just the two of us in front. Oh wait, let me change the basic. Yeah, no, yeah, two I'm happy to go lucky for this hot day Ash. Okay, this is very hot. Let me just go on. Okay, so... Would you like to go for it? Yes, very. What pleasant music. Very pleasant indeed. Where are the screams? It's not screams, it's cries. And it's coming from the left... cell. This one? Oh! Oh, there's a kid in here. I don't know where. Oh my god! You see this tiefling child covered with black substance around her and you like from the image obviously you can like see what they look like but like since the since like the blood is all over her so she is the kind of like Camouflaged in the blood and crying and uh... Yeah, that's it. Open the scat- the cells are like the bars are closed? Uh, the bars are open. Can. Yes. Can we like step like closer? You can. Are you okay? Help me. Can I try to wipe the black blood off her face? You can. And, uh... What are you using? I have gloves on. And how much are you wiping away? I don't like that question. Just to wipe her face clean, or at least able to see her face. Okay. And you see her look at you. Surprised as if she has some glimmer of hope and she clenches onto your robes tightly and tries more. It's okay. It's okay. We're here. You're safe now though. Where is everybody else? Or is it just one kid? No, there has to be more. I don't... I don't... No, they... They disappeared. What is... And you... Why are you... Why are you... Why are you... trying to do that stuff? What happened? Simon, Simon, he... he... and you see that she cries more and more and wipes her ears with Vale's robes. Oh god, that's not scary. Yeah, Vale's just gonna hold her, but we have a name now, Simon. I have a better name. No no no no no no no no no It's- it's 100% another tiefling giant. Okay. Okay okay okay. I meant the Scythe one, the Scythe from the tavern. That's not a tiefling. This is a different one, okay okay okay. Okay hold on, let's get you out of the cell first. Can we all just carry her? Yes, you can. We can't just take her. We can just take her to... I don't know. We can't just leave her with... No, like, no one's looking after her. We don't know if someone's gonna come back. Well... I guess you're right, but we need to keep her really close. Yeah. I'm gonna cast Mage Armor on her. Not yet, later maybe if needed. Okay, let's do it. We should check the other cells maybe. Yeah, I wanna give her some water to drink. How are you giving some water? I can help create water. and I have a chalice from... yeah I just have a chalice. Yeah. I have... I've borrowed it from Mama J. I'm... I'm cold chalice. I'm gonna give her water in that. And as she drinks the water she like keeps thanking you and uh... She cries more. Oh my god. It's okay, we are gonna get you out of there. You and your friends. And you hear as she cries and she begs that I promise I won't be bad. I won't be
Page 10

bad next time. Oh my god! It's okay, it's okay, no one's gonna hurt you anymore. Okay, keep the child close. Violet, yeah, Violet, we found one. Now what's Violet's gonna say? Where even this? Okay, Violet comes after searching for a different cell and asks, did you find someone? What happened? I found this little deep-linked. Oh, sweet dear. What happened to you? And she does not respond. And she keeps saying, I won't be bad, I promise. No. I promise. And, uh, Violet approaches, like, Clother, and asks, like, You have to tell us what happened. And she doesn't say anything. Hold on, she's traumatized. Yeah, you can't just push her yet. You have to be careful. We're gonna find out eventually. Should we take her to a safer place? Safer place? Where do we take her? Okay, Dimension! Oh my god Leora's in the pocket Yes, Leora can take care of it, Leora is good with kids Is that a beautiful opinion? As you are talking You keep hearing her say, I won't be bad I won't be bad And as And She flunks from your arms and falls down. What? And you see like throughout her body there seems to be from each like gaps of her skin holes the black substance appears to be coming out of her and she's bleeding from Every single place. No, we have to save her! We have to save her! Hold on! And her screams grow louder and louder. No, we have to save her! No, we have to save her! Patch her up to something? Healing word? Can I use healing word? You can try. Okay. And I... fall to my knees and I hold the little girl and I try to soothe her with my words. And... And... You... You feel as she begins to grab a hold of your hand and the blood covers her once more like from her body and the ink The black ink substance touches your hands and it's as if it's traveling across you. And you notice that she... As the blood keeps coming out of her, she begins to implode on you. and all the black substance covers your body and she is gone. What? I am traumatized. I'm like just sitting down there with my head still like you know where the girl was and I'm like in a trench. What the fuck just happened? Vale, how do you feel? What the fuck? I don't know where the kid... Are you okay? Wait, what the hell? This shit's on you. The girl... She's gone. Did you see her implode on me? What is... What is going on? I don't even notice the things, I don't even notice the ink traveling on my hands or something. Get it off? Then can I do that somehow? Yes, yes. It's also on you. Oh, shit. As the substance imploded. You're gonna have to brush all that off. What the hell is it? Can I use water? We just shot. Yes, you can. All that remains of her body are her arms and some toenails. I'm so sorry. I am traumatized. I'm not... Was this supposed to happen? Or could we have saved her? I'm so traumatized now. Yeah. Violet, Alenia, any reaction from the red? Alenia, you see Alenia's tears come out from beneath her eye back. I don't know what's it called? The blindfold. The eye back, sorry. And you see her fall onto her knees, confused of what she has just seen. and he quickly approaches the remains to look at them and she will investigate, let's see... Did she get a 1? Yes. Oh, how am I laughing in this situation? I got an 18. 14 plus 4. You notice that apart from the black substance that was covered all over her, like on her and her fingertips, like on the very edge of her fingertips, they appear to be black. Like her skin itself. You're kidding me. So this is the same black substance that we saw in the container? Or it's different? Yes. Yes. So we should not touch that, whatever that is? Yes. We need to kill every single one of them. What? No, not the kids. No, no, no, please specify. The fuckers who did this. We need to kill every single one of them and then give them the taste of their own medicine. Her hands are turning black. Do you want to wait around and find out what's gonna happen to the other kids? Alright, they don't know that Vale's hands are also. Okay. Let's keep moving. We don't have much of a choice here. Okay, where are you guys moving? Vale, I'm just trembling. Come on. Where else is there to go? You can go left or right. From there, there's only one direction. However, there is like a... what's it called? The Warden's... Like office? Yeah. But it's like there's not a room for this office like laid out outside. There's a desk and everything. It's not on the map obviously, but it's... Can we just look through the desk? Do an investigation. Okay, you find in one of the drawers there seems to be... What do you call that thing where you do the exams on? You know that... Clipboard? Clipboard, yeah, the clipboard. Oh, clipboard. Yeah, there's a note. Not a note, like a paper on the clipboard. And it says the following. Okay, I'm gonna know a minute. My heart is like in my stomach. That was not what I was expecting to see as soon as we walked in. Oh my god. A kid literally died in my arms. I'm scared of where this is going next, because I'm still stuck on the fact that her hands were turning black. Okay. Are our hands still turning black? Uh, unexpected. The blood of the ancient. Blood of the ancient. Ah, yes. Four horn subjects? Oh my god! What happened? This is terrifying! Yes. Five? Five are scribes? Nineteen are already dead. There was twenty-four. Nineteen are dead. Five are left. There's five left. What do they mean by scribes? I'm guessing... you know, the remaining cards. Yes, but why scribes? What are they making them right? They will push
Page 11

the remaining 5 to right as long as their hearts hold out. They are only using it on T-flanks. The Blood of the Ancient. Blood of the Ancient? What Ancient? What the f**k? Perhaps you can check in your, you know, history? Perhaps you may have read about it somewhere. No, no. You do not know this. However, you will know this. Anyway. Okay, what the fuck? Is there anything else? Anything else? No. I think we should move to the next room. Yeah. Okay. The next room appears to be another laboratory. I mean, it is a laboratory. This is where a lot of... How do I put this? You will find that This place contains research and statistics etc etc and you'll notice that the black substance is going through experimentation within the confines of this room and the children are obviously The children are here? No, no, no, no, no. You can tell. So the research room consists of a lot of records and different You know all those chemistry instruments and shit, all that stuff. And, uh... Yeah. What would you like to look through? The research papers? Yeah. Okay. These researches, uh... date back to... around 40 years ago. 40 years? And, uh... These are papers from an archive that are placed here and the most prominent one is records from Fortier The rest are mostly different versions of how the records are interpreted What is it said? You would like to see said research? Yes. To find it, do an investigation check. I'm traumatized, bro. Oh my god. Okay. Here we go. Boom. Stages of the Wagon, host people, dissolve, leaving. Oh, but I can't see here. Oh, I don't like the first place. I can't see it! Why can't you see it? Can you not? No, I can't see it. It disappeared. Wait for him, wait for him. Oh my god, fuck you! Yes, fuck me. Anyways. Can you see? How can you? Can you do it again? I've done it five billion times. I can't see it. I just... Reload your thing. Do you want me to read it until then? So it's called- oh my f**king god, it's called the staining. Stages of the staining, phase 1, the awakening. Symptoms, the host's pupils dissolve entirely, leaving the eye a milky blank void as their mind connects to the ancient's vast reservoir of knowledge. The physical manifestation begins at the very tips of the fingers. Functions, the fingertips weep the black blood of the stag. In this stage, the hosts retains trace amounts of their own consciousness, but they are compelled to write they are the perfect scribes. Phase 2 The numbing symptoms The host reports a sensation of freezing cold. The cardiovascular system slows dramatically as the heart begins to numb, suppressing all mortal emotions such as fear, love, and pain are eradicated. The black stain aggressively spreads from the fingertips creeping up to the hands past the elbows and covering the entirety of the arms. Functions, they become an unfeeling conduit. Phase 3, Subjugation, Symptoms, Total and Irreversible Loss of Individual Consciousness The mortal mind dies, replaced entirely by the will of the stag. I don't like the sound of this! Stag, the Great Stag, who the fuck is that? Remember the cult thing where they were worshipping a stag? That's not the one I'm worried about. Vale's hands are stained all the way up to his elbows. Wait, but you already had it. Yeah, I already had it. You don't know, like, Udunabe doesn't know that because he never shows his arms or hands, but I'm conscious? Can you see it now? Am I seeing it now? I was trying to show it to you. No, no, I'm seeing it. Am I seeing the hand now? Like the hand? No, no, no, no. I'm still wearing like, Vale's still wearing like gloves and has his whole body. Vale still hasn't told you I guess. Yeah, Vale hasn't told anyone and Vale is staring at the research. The great white is staring at the The Antler people, whatever they are, what the fuck is happening? Can you see the note here? Do you want me to send it to you? No, no, I can see it. Okay. I can see it. I'm... I'm scared. Can I just look at Will? His eyes are like... His face is going as pale as his eyes. Or something. Yeah, no, genuinely. But that doesn't make sense. It doesn't, does it? Where does it have any... What? Who is this great wise stag they are trying to awaken? That's the least of my worries right now. What did they say when we were in the vision? The stag shall feed again. Yeah, something like that. Oh, God. We're not gonnawe're not gonna- like whatever- we're gonna find here. No, we're not. I- oh my fucking God. Oh my God, I'm mad! Are you- are you okay? Vale? I know this is like very spooky, but you look a bit too spooked out. Let's keep looking around. But I'm gonna keep very search on me. Of course. So, you said the whatever the blood was being transformed here, like in the lab? Um, no. Where's my traveling here? There's also... There's another research paper that shows in this one, it doesn't read anything, it shows something. It shows you multiple locations of said, you know, researches on children that date back all the way to 35 years ago. Like research centers? Yes, multiple locations. So this is not the only one? Is there one in Baldrars? No. No? So they're just like in Faerun? Like different locations in Faerun? Yes. Oh god, our... Our quest just got a whole lot more complicated. This wasn't a side quest option. Just to give you a number, there are like more than 400 of these facilities. What?! What?! Yes. Violet, we are way over our heads with this one. Mhm. This is not just about the shards though. What the fuck is this girl
Page 12

doing? What else? Can we sabotage the thing? The blood. I guess you're not traveling around can be sabotaged so I don't know. I mean it's not doing much. Yeah you're right. It's not this is yeah. Just wanted to take revenge or something. I mean you can but like it's you know. Yeah yeah let's move on I guess. Yeah. Is there like anything else you can investigate or look around? Uhhh... Shooore? I'm asking! Yeah, there is, there is, um... Like, where the... The chemistry shit is. There is where you can investigate, yes. Yes, I want to look at that, I guess. Oh no, I'm looking at that. You notice that there is a latest report of a woman, a human... Stop! ...that had encountered the said blood and the woman's name is Sophia. What? That's Sophia? That's Sophia? Yes. And seems to have survived longer than she should have. Oh god, it's all connected. And they are keen to finding her as She was not part of the plan, but now she seems curious. Oh, we have to find the swordsman. We need to warn them. And, uh... We don't even know where they went. You see that they are testing human blood with the black substance. What the fuck is happening? And, uh... It shows how much it overpowers the human blood and completely destroys all cells in a human and any other race to be exact. Yeah, things are not looking good for whales. Yeah, for tieflings. I'm terrified. I can't describe how I'm feeling because I'm actually terrified. Wait, so when the girl imploded, that substance got on me. So is it still there or did I manage to get rid of it? You did. Manage to get rid of it? Yes. Oh. Interesting. Sophia is connected to this. But there's no sign of like the children anywhere? Hmm. You can do an investigation check. How many investigations? You see a trail of footprints that are leading to a different room. Follow them? I love how you're scared as fuck. Yes I am and I have a big revelation about Vale, I shouldn't be. Yeah... Okay, and as you go in you notice that this room is like a cave-like room with pillars and... Let me just show you actually. Okay. Oh wrong... wrong place. I was back in the void that we made. And there's a pentagram in the middle. Oh my god, kill yourself. It's not even a... In the map it doesn't look like a pentagram but we'll pretend it is. Oh there's a stag head. It doesn't look like a pentagram. There's another Stag Head skull. Oh, there's pillars. You notice a radiating orb in the middle of the pentagram. Okay. I'll try to... Sure. Do one. I'm scared. Are you down to see this all the way through or do you want to break? How long is it gonna take? I think it's gonna take a lot longer. Maybe an hour. Yeah, we'll go for it. I've been sleeping at midnight anyways. I can't go to sleep like this. This is how I feel with the Clif Tigers. So this orb is of teleportation. It will lead you to somewhere else. However, it has a ward on it. A ward for what? To cast away anyone intruders. Can we investigate around the room? Like is there anybody else in this room or it's just- There's no one in this room. But it's the right thing we're looking for. Can we investigate? I do an investigation. Anyways. I got 13 again. Alenia, your time. Okay. Get a 20 Alenia or something, investigate the whole thing. I have been observing for some time, Alenia mentions, and I feel your heart racing a bit too much, Vale. Is everything okay? Oh, given the circumstances at hand, I don't think anyone would be okay. We have to find those remaining kids. I see. So I do find it a bit strange. Okay, and investigation. Oh my god, how do I stand up the highest? Around the room, you don't notice much, however on... On a stag... Alongside Antlers, there's a carving. It says, only those with the blood shall carve the way. The blood? Yes. You mean the stag blood? We have to trench ourselves in that Is there anything else? No. Okay. So, how do we venture forth? What if we have it in a container or something? We could try that, yeah. Yes. So I can try putting it in a container. Let's see if there's a container in pocket dimension. Yeah, so we take a container out, a mini container, try to goop the blood in it without actually catching it. And try to step closer to the portal. By the way, this blood seems to have taken a liking to you, Durnehviir What? Yes. It, like, it, like in the container, it seems, you seem, you hear, you feel this force towards your hand. Yes. As it's trying to break into you, but it can't, obviously. Behave! I say through the container, behave! How would you like to go Bob? How does teleportation orbs work? Do you have a patch yet? With this specific ward, one person can open it and others can go through with them and it only lasts for 10 seconds and then the ward reappears I just like, um, like hold the container in front of me and I try to go closer and closer to see if it's working. It does not. I'm scared if I do this at my top end. I don't want to try it. I'm scared. Somebody else want to try holding the container? Because both of us are completely unaware of your thoughts right now. Yeah, I know. I know, I know, I know, I know. Okay, give me... Sure, give me the container. Give it a try. Okay. We're gonna think that it was the container. Yeah, can we win if it works? Okay, I hold the container in my hands and I slowly approach the orb. As you approach, you notice the container flings off of your hands, but you do enter. FUUCK! FUUCK! Help! And 8... 7... Get in! ...6... ...5... ...1... ...3... ...1...
Page 13

...and all of you are in. I'm not sure how to make any comments. I'm whispering to Alenia Well, I never took you for a stag to begin with. No. Ah yes. But I'm not actually a stag. Exactly. We're just silently having a crisis. Okay. So... I'll describe the room then short. So basically you enter this room By the way, it's gonna look a bit weird because it's just a map that I found. It just had one specific thing that I liked. It has animals but I'll just say that these are stag statues and in the middle there's a round table and there's four masked figures in the room and the five children you saw are sitting on the round table. Yeah. Okay. Let me show you another one. Are you in? Do you see us or like? Do you see them? No. They haven't noticed you yet. So, what do we do? Should we take them by surprise? I can't- okay, it's still dark. One second. Uh, I don't- no. Also, Justin Kage- You should heal Alenia, no? I will, Durnehviir No, the thing is she used the 5 HP Yeah, she's first, that's fine. We can sneak a little closer just so we can see them. Hi, Violet. Yeah, let's sneak in. Do us, yes, do us, like how about Alenia says how about we do it one person at a time? Who wants to go first? And Violet suggests that she shall be careful because of obvious reasons. Rogue. And... Violet goes up till... Let me share vision with Violet. Share vision. Can you see what she's seeing? Yeah. Oh, the children look terrifying. Those are not children. Those are not children. Those are the masked people. Oh my god. There's two of them. They appear to be... They have a bright glowing eyes and are not suspecting anything as of right now as Violet is hiding behind. I was gonna say you hear a conversation, but actually you should be able to. Just do a perception check. Yeah, yeah, I mean... It's all you. Oh my god. It's time to use my eyesight for once. You mean your ears? No, my eyesight. Okay. Um... Oh my god, what the fuck? We have perception. 18, oh! See? Girlie, damn! Exactly, okay. So, the conversation is like these two are having a sisterly banter about how long this will take because it seems like a drag and We can't bear to stand here any longer. It's been two days. And you see them eyeing... By the way, there's children, but I didn't put them here. You see that these children are writing something. Who's gonna sneak next? Sneak somewhere else? Nah, but who sneaks next? Yeah, who sneaks next? Definitely not Alenia. I have a bless for her. I'm scared. If you have a plus four then go ahead. Ah, okay. If you have a plus one then go ahead. What the fuck I'm not going. Oh shit. Where till which point were you going? I was honestly just gonna move like around here-ish. But... Oh, I wanted to go here but... Okay... Luckily I granted you some benefits. Anyways... That does not alarm them from that distance. Oh no, hang on. However, one of those sisters feels uneasy. They should. Yeah. and the other person comes knocking at doors. Oh, yes. Okay. Then, where are you? I'll try. Yeah. Nice. Oh, wow. Where would you like to go? I would like to be here. Here. Okay. I want you to do a perception check as well. Please don't fail me. Okay. Okay, you notice that these children seem as if they are in a trance. Of course. They are not in their own... they're not sane, but they're just writing and writing and writing. Shall we attack now? You guys are in a very good position. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Yeah. It's true. But what can I use that will be no very... damaging? I want to use two of these. I want to see Alenia's... Don't tell me! Khubaib, bro! Khubaib! Khubaib, Elenia got another player. Got another player? Temporary player, yes. Astalla was playing because we needed her to fight but we haven't started the fight yet. Do you? I just... guard him. Do you want to join? I was gonna go sleep. Oh. Oh. It's fine. Zai just got back. It's fine. It's okay. We will catch you because there is shit happening. This shit is not shitting. This shit is not shitting. Mm-hmm. We should make a plan, you know, telepathically. Can I have Nyx? Sorry real quick, Nyx can come to me again. Yes, the upgraded Nyx. Is there an AOV spell that we can cast? A big boom one? We don't have Liora. Alenia has AOV. I have... I have Chromatic Orb that if I get the same value it can bounce to the other person. I have like Tidal Wave but it's not that much AOV. Why do I not have Fireball? Is there a way we can combine our spells? Oh, I did not need to move her, the fuck. Oh, the fuck? Sorry, my bad. What happened? I actually moved the lady. I wanted to measure the distance, that's my bad. Can I access Nyx's stat block, please? You know how we did it in that one where Nugget was DMing? We combined our spells, you know? Yeah, you can. Yeah, so I was thinking... If we combine water and lightning, I mean, I can do lightning through Chromatic Orb. Oh yeah, true. And then I can do Tidal Wave. So lightning and Tidal Wave. They're gonna get electrocuted or something. What that will do is increase the range of the lightning spell. So... It's not gonna increase the damage. How? Increase the range? No, cause like, let's say your electric attack is short range and you do tidal wave, which it will be the range of tidal wave basically. Or depends on how much the water... Chromatic orb is single thing though or something. No, if you do tidal wave and chromatic orb, then it will like, like the electricity will go throughout the tidal wave. I'm just saying the damage won't increase but the damage will carry
Page 14

across. It will carry across the... It can possibly hit both of them. Not all of them. It might attack the children too. It depends on how you position your title wave. Yes, if you position it, it goes on the ground table then it will... The children are sitting at the table. What would be the range of your title? I don't think I have anything for that. It's not giving me an option to do it. But it's like 120. The range is 120. That's your range to cast it. Yeah, but it's not giving me the thing, the spear or whatever. Let me see. You said title babes. The area can be up to 30 feet long, up to 10 feet wide, and up to 10 feet tall. So the thing is, if I'm like over here, if I'm over here, it said 30 feet. Oh sorry, let me do it. 30 feet, so I think it can... It can barely hit both of them. Depending on how you position it. 30 feet long. Yeah, barely hits. Depending on how you position it. Can I like... Can I like go a bit here? If you wanna move again you have to do another Solchak. Oh my god. I don't know if I should risk it. Wait hold on I wanna see something. If I'm like here... Actually, I don't think I can hit both of them because they are standing on them and I didn't mean to move her. They're standing like a bit far apart. Yeah, that's a thing. They're like 35 feet away from each other. They were only, you know, a bit closer to each other than perhaps. There is something that can happen here if you do the tidal wave, the water can spread more. But it won't do the bludgeoning damage at all. It will just spread. Spread? With Tidal Wave you do bludgeoning damage within the area, but if it goes out it's just water everywhere. But he has Chromatic Orb, no? Yeah, but I'm saying like if you were doing a combo you would do it with the Tidal Wave's damage and the Chromatic Orb. But like with this, yeah with this it's just... yeah. Anyways, we could also do if you- I have like ray of frost as well so we could possibly freeze oh my fucking god. What the heck is that? You could do this yes. That's the ice storm. That is ice storm. Move it down, the children. Uh, it- Anyways, it's a bit... It's a bit... See? You're dying to... The thing is to move it down, they won't be in the circle. They are in the circle. They are, they are, they are. For me, for me, they aren't. Who cares, but for us they are. They're on the edge. They're on the edge. It works. I have something called Storm Sphere. What does that do? Let's see. Yeah, Elenia. Perfectly on top of my... Elenia is always on top. Anyways. Okay, so let me put it to game now. It's a lot of bullying. Oh, this is... Yes. Shut up. Okay, that's kinda neat. How do I not have AoE spells? No, wait, wait, wait. Before we start, can you prepare a fucking fireball, please? For the love of Christ. No one has fireball, I think. Yeah, we don't have fireball. I have fireball. Vale, you have fireball. You're just not putting it in your spells. I have? Yes. Anyways, You didn't prepare it in your spells. You got the scroll or something? No, no, no, no. You know how wizards have all the spells? They just prepare certain spells. Sorcerers can't prepare spells. What is our plan? How are we doing this? Who is casting what? Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. We can... You can edit it on... The thing is, they're kinda on the edge, so if If this spell sticks, then they can just move out easily. If they were inside the thing, then it would have been more convenient. What do you mean? The storm? Yeah, they are on the edge of the thing, right? It's a concentration spell, your thingy. So they can just move out easily. If they were like inside inside they would be you know it would have been more convenient to kill them. It says from 60 feet of the center you can cast a bolt of lightning. Okay. I have fireball. Until the spell ends you can use a bonus action on each of your turns to cause a bolt of lightning to leap from the center of the sphere. Toward one creature you choose within 60 feet of the center. So make sure make a ranged spell attack. You have advantage on the attack roll. Okay. We're already going with the big boom. Who is casting what? Who's casting me? I have fireball. Do I cast ice storm or no? We can all do the big bomb. I'm damaged brother. You said Ice, Storm, Fire, Ball, and... and it was a fucking... Storm Sphere. Yeah. So it's wind, ice, and fire. Let me see what happens if you cast them on together. You said Ice... it was Ice Storm, Storm Sphere, and Fire, Ball, right? Well, the whole place is gonna go boom, nuke the whole place. We're pissed off, okay. I really wanted to, you know, just spread to the other masked people to soup can just be done with them in one soup. Yeah, unfortunately that's not physically possible. The children will get caught in the crossfire. Yeah. When three players coordinate these spells in a single realm, they create a perfect storm of elemental destruction. The immediate nova... If all three spells are cast in the same area, any creature caught in the overlap must make three separate saving them. Oh my god! But a failed save for all three a creature takes 86 fire damage, 2d8 bludgeoning plus 46 cold damage and from the storm sphere 2d6 bludgeoning damage. Total average damage would be approximately 57. Oh my goodness! Okay. Wait, can I do something? I don't know if Nyx can move closer. Can Nyx add to 2 an attack? Fire, Dragon's Breath or something Nyx has infinite stealth so you can move anywhere with Nyx The thing is, Vale needs to use an
Page 15

action in order to enable Dragon's Breath on Nyx so that's not possible yet but I can make her move closer and just shadow crawl somewhere The thing is, you'd have to time it so Nyx can get out of the way Oh, Diane, what is happening? I mean, Nick can stay out in this corner, like, away from the circle, no? Like, behind, hiding. Yeah. What are you doing? No, I was just checking. How do I get rid of this? Okay, yeah, let's do it. To make one thing clear, is the target in dim light or darkness? Is there dim lighting in this room? Uh, it's dim light. Okay, so if Nyx hits the target, they have to make a DC 14 wisdom saving throw or be blinded until the end of the next round. Okay, by the way, what the fuck is that long ass? Kamehameha. I should not know Durnehviir was back in English. Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, let's do this. Oh, God. Anyways. Okay, you get ready. Who's going first? I'll go first. Wait, let me... Let's do it on the max level we can. Mine is already maxed out. Oh my god. Yeah, I'll do it on the fourth level. They're gonna dissipate. They won't even see it. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Fireball doesn't have a head dice on mine. Why is there a head dice on mine? I don't have a head dice on mine. Mine is 8. Minus 25. They have to do a DC 15 deck saving roll. Next is 7. Why is it only bludgeoning damage and not ice one? Okay... Okay, hold on, we'll have to keep track of what saving throws have to do. Okay. For us it's like all three of us is... Oh wait... For mine... What is happening? It said I can do bludgeoning damage and also 4d6 cold damage so my thing rolled for the bludgeoning damage, the toil thingy, the toil damage and I rolled 4d6 for the cold damage. Okay, okay There is a problem though. No, hold on. You see the saving throws, right? Yeah, 520, 21. Three saving throws. One was too much strength, no? Somebody had to throw a saving throw. We'll take the first one as Aridus and the second one is yours and from your damage they take half damage and from Arid... Let's do, let's do Vale's voice This was saving throws for both of them or only one of them? We're doing on the person on the left first. Because Nyx's attack is only on the right one. Yeah. Because you know your saving throws was strength and they're like all decks. Now. Okay. Anyways, you know that. So that's what? 25 plus 8, 33. And then half of Dunivir's which is what? 6. 6 plus? 21. No, not 6. 21 plus 12. 33. No, no, no. We're doing half because they got a 20 on your saving throw. Oh, so what is the half of 33? 16? We're doing the same thing, it's 6 plus 10.5, so it's 16.5. Yeah. We can't see their hands. So that would be 50 damage. Close to 50 damage. Both of them? No, no, no, the person on the left. The right one is going to have to do Dexos, Strength throws and a Wisdom saving throw. Please fail all the throws. At least one of them has to die. Okay. And for the... the other one. This is giving bald is good. The big boob. Fingers crossed. Failed the strengths. Fingers crossed. Failed the decks. Failed. Failed. And they failed the second one. Nice! Okay, Wisdom is good. That one kills that one. Even though Nyx tried her best. Less in spirits. You see the one on the right turn into kebab and scream and scream and... That was for the kids, bitch. As you see her wail and scream and she disintegrates into the air. And the one on the left has become grown on the ground and is burnt completely. Help initiate Kaupeh. Yes. Initiate that shit, bitch. Why did Alenia get 0? Why did I roll a nat 1? Critical failure, Naaar How did Alenia get 0? It's a 1-1 Alenia doesn't go I think I can remove the fireball What did she get on minus 1, Indra? She got a 0 How do I get rid of the damn firewall thing? Only I can do that. So like it definitely alerted the other two. Obviously, the fuck? Like you were like getting a bit too ahead of yourself. One of them got instantly evaporated and the others near death. Yes, so... Okay, Aisha will reveal the people as they like approach in front. Oh why? Hello. Oh, oh hello? Oh hello, no. Hello? Hello? I was looking at the one on the left. The one on the right looks at you and it's like with a look of surprise, Vale. Oh fuck you. And he says, who are you? And you see the the guy on the left begins to attack Oh my god, let me let me do the combat Yeah, they're initiative, also Violet initiative Yeah, do we bring Minerva in or not? You're nervous, Chani will be here now. I don't think we need it now. Vale actually did big damage, I'm happy. If only you had that fireball to be- I'll keep it, okay. No wonder people like fireballs. What's happening? What the fuck are these guys' initiative? They're rolling on advantage too. Anyways, it's a Disturbia's turn I guess. Yup, exactly. Disturbia stopped turning bro. Acalopecia. Stacey... What about the lady? Is she like... Is she like... She is a burning unprone. Oh, okay, okay. But she is still alive. Yes, obviously. For obvious reasons. Okay, let me see. I wanna do... I wanna do Eldritch Blast. Of course. Start with the Eldritch Blast. And I wanna attack the guy with the... I need to remember that Nyx can negate damage. Hell yeah. Oh damn. Okay. Uh... Okay. Hold on, let me... I can do it twice, right? Two beams... Okay. Yes. Yeah, I wanna attack the... I, Twice. On the left? Yeah, on the left. Oh, that almost did max damage. Now, do I have to hit dice again? Yes. Are you kidding me? Damn. 12 damage. Hold on, hold on, hold on. I think I have something. You have something? I
Page 16

think I do. Okay, never mind, I don't. I'll just Eldritch Blast. And since I have the thingy wand, I get like plus two. and both, like, plus one on each attack. Okay. Five. Fourteen damage. Okay. However, he begins to... Oh no, he has a reaction for this. Yes, he has a reaction. He lifts up the body of the woman and she takes the first hit and dies and he throws her away and he blinks and moves closer here. He's not behind me, not behind me. I'll get a misty step away, it's fine. He does not get hit by attacks. Why? That's his reaction. Is he gonna do that every time or is there a limit to it? There is a limit to it. Reactions are only once per round. That dude's dead then? The girl is dead. Oh, she disappeared. Okay. Nexus turn. Nexus is gonna move a little bit closer. That's not moving closer. Come on. How much can she move actually? 40. Okay, I used 15. Please work. No! Is that it? Who are you hitting? The horn. The guy. No. Okay, Nyx is gonna run back to it. That's the end of Nyx's turn and now it's the weird ugly dude. Also, Violet is not in the initiative. Yeah, she's just standing there. Oh, oh god, Violet, no. Our cleric. There we go. Oh, that works. Okay, okay, okay. I wanted to do some damage to her before she... As a bonus action, the guy creates a glowing crystal shard on top of the table. Around 60 feet, not 60, that's 120 feet, all allies regain HP The thing is, the girl is not dead. This girl is burned to a crisp and gone. The one on the left. The one on the left didn't die. You know how you are, you know, dead saving throws, etc. Are you kidding me? Do enemies have dead saving throws? Yes. Wait, actually... Am I Miss? Okay, it's DM's discretion. Anyways. Okay. Let's tell that dude turn. Yes, action. Okay, the guy jumps towards Durnehviir. Oh my f**king god, Durnehviir, you need to run. I'm gonna do something I did not consent. Okay. You... Oh wow. No head dice for this? That is the head dice. I got a Pam Dimple. There's two slashing damage and force damage. He takes out his blade and you see it shimmer and glow and sparkle and as it comes out it slashes towards your neck slightly I'm almost hitting your white. What the fuck can I? Yes. Watery Rebuke. You have to take damage first. I know but can I? Yeah, 13 damage. You can. If you have that. I may be fucked, but I wanna use Watery Rebuke. Where is? Even this is what I rebuke, I don't know. Okay. Uh, DC 15. He'll definitely not succeed that one. Please. What the- Anyways. Uh, that's, uh, where is it? Full damage? I mean, like- First level. So it takes no damage? Yeah. Okay. Can we continue? Violet's turn. Yeah. Clarek! I have a violet. Violet! The most unnatural class ever. Clean can. Mm-hmm. No, I have the perfect, perfect I have the perfect action for this. The threesome. No, not the threesome. You know where they are standing. I have the perfect thing for this. Okay, as a bonus action, they cast Healing Word at Durnehviir. 4H-8. 7H-8. Okay. Deneviir? Yeah, there it is. Okay. And they cast Dash and walk towards Deneviir and use up the action. And actually how much... that is a long distance, yeah. Anyways, Dash basically doubles your movement. Speed, yeah. But you have to use your action for that. Okay, now I have I'll put her here. It needs to be 5 feet away from me. Yeah, that's 5 feet. That's 5 feet. Okay, it's still horns. Oh, I forgot the music is from the... You keep forgetting about the music. I don't like that. You don't like the music? I don't like how he's just standing there menacingly. Contempting what he's doing. As he's looking at you, you feel The source of intimidation and you see a smirk on his face going... The grin is like very very wide. Oh my god, Joker? Yes. It's very creepy though. He attacks Vale. What? Bitch. Oh my god. Are you kidding me? You can have a vendetta against me. Which one is the one who recognized me? The ugly one? Yes. Fuck you. Wait, wait, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Okay, wait. Where's... Where the fuck did Nexus Sheet go? She can do a thing. But I don't know if it's gonna matter. The Mirad swap. You can try. What was the sa... What was the... There's no thing for it. When a creature Nix can see hits Vale with an attack, Nix can use a reaction to instantly swap places with an illusionary duplicate of Vale. I don't think I have- That's it? Yeah, that's it. The attack hits the illusion. Interesting. The attack hits the illusion instead. But the illusion's gonna vanish then. Okay. Let's see... By the way, this... This is an area spell, so... Yeah. Oh no. This is not gonna matter because then Nyx is supposed to swap places with the real whale, but they're close. Well, go ahead. I might die. What is happening? What is this tag? What is that tag? I won't... I'll say that because of this... Like since he crit... You... You are on the brink of death, kinda. What? I do more double damage. You will take double damage. However, you have a healer, so trust. That's... Who is healing? Violet? Violet has cure wounds. That's insane. I like how this is lore accurate. Yes. It's fucked to the core. Okay. Okay. It's Alenia's turn. I'm dying on it. Alenia walks forward. Alenia struts like a queen like she's on a run. However... Wait, no. Nevermind. There's no however. However, what? However, she's blind so she trips. Lord Akira. Oh my god. The music is gonna kill me. Do you need another Fireball? Okay, Alenia will cast Wait... I want you to choose Funny or Big PP? Big Damage! The vote is on Big Peepee. What was the
Page 17

funny one? Tell us. Polymorph? No. I mean... Do Big Peepee, I guess. Okay. So, I will... What was the word? I forgot but it like I'll use my sorcery points to amplify my damage. I'll... yeah it's gonna be chromatic orb on the the big guy. The big guy, the horns one? Yep, that hurts. And uh... Let's see... So any small numbers I can 2, 2 and 2 I can reroll those so that would be 3D8 I mean that's better than, like the total is better than the other Okay, so Can someone see the whole... Okay, I can see the whole movement. 4 plus 8 plus 3 plus 10. So that's 25 damage. Do I have a bonus action? Let me see. Okay. Bonus action. Bonus action. Bonus. As a bonus action, I'll cast Polymorph? No, Polymorph is not bonus, sadly. I'll cast Dragon's Breath on Dungeons & Dragons. I'll walk... Hold on. I'll walk towards... Oh, no, I can't do it on Dungeons & Dragons because it's not close enough. I'll do it on Violet. Okay, now that... More IQ rate, I guess. This is the... I can do this. Oh my god. Don't worry, I'm not gonna hit you. Let me just do that. It won't attack allies or is it friendly fire? It will. I'll just put it in a corner where it doesn't exactly... Can I? Oh my god. It will hit you regardless, I'll just do it on the guy. Okay, so... Wait, one second, let's do the damage. So, 25 on the Chromatic Orb and how much with Dragons? 4d6. Okay. Who died? No one died yet. Can we see that? Oh yeah. So close to dying Anyway, cast fireball, pieces of shit. Yeah. Uh, is that the damage? Oh yeah, 30, void. Oh my god! Girl! Girl! Yeah. Dex saving throw to them. Please, Phil! Please, Phil! I'm out here on my knees bleeding and coughing. Fuck you! No! No! That is unfortunate. Okay, the other guy. Please. Okay, okay, okay. At least that's good. Damn. Fuck you. As a bonus action, I cast Dragon's Breath on Nick. Oh my god! Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god. I forgot, since my Chromatic Orb got... Oh, double same digit! So I can... I can bounce. Where? Do it again. Go ahead. How does... I forgot about the bounce. Chromatic Orb bounce. Okay, if you roll the same number on two or more of the damage dice... Yeah, cuz I am incredibly good into it I fucking hate how accurate that was. I'm so mad. This is a poetry. Okay. Don't need to do the hit again. Okay, 18. That hits. Okay, 18. And, uh... The damage again. Double, double, double, double, double. Oh wait, that's not the damage, sorry. That's the level two, I think. Oh my god! And it leaps again! Okay, yeah, this is a bit too OP. You guys are OP and I'm here with my Eldridge Blast. I'm on the brink of death, I will pull out my gun. Okay, that does not hit unfortunately. But the other guy... Amazdav is due to 31 plus that... 31 plus 39 is insane. Oh my god! That's exactly his HP. His HP is 70 by the way. Oh my god. And what about the horns, lady? Okay, I go now. Bye bye. Okay, bye bye. What about the Hordy one? He takes half damage. He already took that damage before, but like when the thing was bouncing. Oh yeah, the fireball. Sorry, forgot about that. So that was 15.5. Can you move closer because they've veiled a Dragon's Breath on? Uhhh... Nick's closer? Yeah because as a bonus action, we'll... play Dragon Breath on Nick's. Okay. Can I move her closer? Uhh, yes. Yes, where is Dragon's Breath? Give me a second. How about we make it like you throw... ...Nix? It's like a dragon barf on his face. Ah yes. Like, Glyde towards him. Like, Soul. Ah yes. I can ignore the DC. It's just 6 damage anyway, like what the fuck. Yeah, whatever, go on, kill yourself. Okay. I will Misty Step and I will do Riptide. So the guy will take... The guy has to make a strength saving throw or or else it will take 2d8 bludgeoning damage and be pushed 10 feet away. Okay. How is he gonna be pushed 10 feet away when there's a wall behind him? He's gonna get hit by. It doesn't matter. You can remove the shapes by the way, Abdullah. Yeah. By the way, it's just his trench saving throw, not the actual thing. So how much saving throw does he have to do? Uh... I'll just put a 2-15 Okay Oh, wrong, wrong Consider the... Damn! So, as I move I cause a Riptide and 2d8, hold on What is that? That was my bonus section by the way. I don't have good spells like chromatic orb or whatever. I'm gonna move here. Oh, the other one's still alive, I forgot. You hear mumbling coming from his mouth as he is grinning. and it seems to be a language that you don't understand. What language? Why is he bubbling when he's about to die? What language I'm terrified? You both do not know. No. I like the spinning. I can do lightning bolt at him. Kaboom! Doesn't it come from you or...? Yeah. What do you mean? Why is it like facing... Oh yeah, you're there, nevermind. I'm right there. I'm gonna channel Zeus energy. I'm gonna say strike him down, Jilus! Please! Fuck, God damn! He's gonna do that intro. The problem with that is he has a reaction that's available after this round started. Oh, great! Why is it always my turn? Can I at least hit one of them? Don't die on me. He blinks behind you again. Fuck off, Vince. You creepy ass bitch, get away from me. Are you kidding me? I have my 4th level spell and I have none left now. Oh my god. You should have told me that before. I hate you. I hate you. Look. He gets signs and I forgot. Yeah. Let's not underestimate the opponent. Okay, okay. Just cause we're OP. Okay. Is it... Nick's sister? I mean, unless... Oh yeah, you already used your bonus. Oh my god. Go back. So, next can... Did he take 4 damage? Did he at least take the
Page 18

4 damage I did? The 4? Yes. Okay. Next can move up to 40 feet towards him and... Fingers crossed. Yes! Is that obviously? Okay, so 1d4 plus 4 plus 2d4 damage which is 10 damage. And since it's dim lighting, must succeed on a dc14 wisdom saving throw or be blinded until the end of its next turn. Okay. Please, why is next doing it? Okay, yeah, it's blinded. Oh, wrong, wrong, wrong, wrong. Oh wait, this is wisdom. Why is the Nyx doing it is my question. I think he doesn't have that much wisdom. He has zero. Oh yeah, yeah, that, yeah. Okay, works. Anyway. It looks like you're not the brightest spark in the book. Well, there is a reason for that, but anyways. He's brainwashed or something. and uh... He has... I mean the thing is... He doesn't have eyes! Yeah, I was gonna say! But... Whatever. I just realized I forgot he doesn't have eyes. Blinded and spared, he did damage anyways. Oh, okay, it's Violet's turn. Oh my god. Okay, Violet immediately goes to Vale, casts Cure Wounds. Oh my god. I'll just say this is Cure Wounds for my sake. It was Inflect Wounds but it is Cure Wounds. Yeah, you get 22 HP. Inflict Wounds! Yeah, we ignore that one. We wanted to heal him, not inflict more damage. It's fine. No, no, no. It's fine, fine, fine, thank you. I love how you rotated your lightning rod. Yeah, I'm facing him, so is my rod. Your big ass strap. The lightning strap. Is she a geister? Or does she have anything else? Uhhh... Does she? No, she doesn't. I mean the woman that was alive, is not in the... You know what? Fuck her. She was gone anyway, that's fine. Fuck that. That's like a waste of time right there. Okay. Yeah, um, anyway. Okay, so Durnehviir, best of luck to you. I like how I can't see them because my vision doesn't go that far. You see his horns begin to transform into the shape of antlers for but a moment. And he forces into Durnehviir violently sending an eruption of blood magic in a 20 feet radius and the creature has to do a 15 dex saving throw. All you, Durnehviir, yes. Yeah, you, you. Okay, please. Please. If you take, there's damage. You're supposed to be 17, dude. Aw, shit. Okay. Okay. And what else is that? Nothing. Okay. Yeah, that's... I can't really do this attack anymore because I'm out of spell slots. Yeah, Dungeons & Dragons feeling a bit sad. Oh my god, the big pussy damage. I think I should play a theme song for this. Oh my god. What's the song where like, I come to the club or some fucking shit? You go to the club? No, there's like a woman speaking in this very sexy voice. Can you say the voice? I'm so hard to remember Do you remember the artist? No... Wait, hold on, I'll find it Did I come to the club? Oh yeah, when we up in the club, all eyes are... All eyes on us, all eyes on us, yeah Forgot Oh, can you even shout? Yeah, I forgot, I forgot How can I forget that? I can't see the vibration doesn't reach that far. Girl, we are here in a fight, Elenia wants to dance or scream and shout at us. Let her play her theme song. Okay, go ahead. WTF? Okay. I need to bring up the lyrics. Open the What is happening? And you see like Alenia making demophoses. Oh my gosh. And she casts a Chromatic Orb. Oh my gosh. She's typing her up. That hit. You kill him! Yup, yup. Oh my god. Okay. And you see as she's doing these dediva poses and then she hits the bayonetta pose. Oh my god! This is scandalous. This is scandalous. Leni is also like And a magical orb comes out of her vagina. Oh my god, I don't need to be thinking this. It hits him and you see a flash of light so you can't see the vagina and he dies. Oh my god. Such a mother moment by Alenia Oh my god, I have a minute Oh my god I am just flabbergasted My mouth is open, I am looking at Alenia Did you really just do that? What are you talking about? What happened? That or it came out of your realm Yeah Well you I didn't really see anything so... Well, we killed the big bad guys. Let's save these children, please. Yes, please. Oh my god. There was such a good way to end. What a way to end. Tori didn't almost die. Exactly. Durnehviir, as you're like looking around the table, you see that these children are writing in books with their fingertips. Oh no. How do we get them out of the trance? They are out of the trance. Oh. They are? Yeah. Now they are. They, like, I'm saying like, it's like, They were doing that and now they're out of the camps. And you see that the book cut immediately. And they resemble the pentagram on Vale's Grimoire. Fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you. What is happening? Yes. Well, the children... What are their reactions? What are they doing right now? How do they feel? They look completely out of it, like unconscious. Unconscious, okay. What do we do? We should get them out of here. Yes. We can. We shall. Would you like to look inside? Yes. Okay, you... Yeah? You look in the book, you notice that none of this matches any of what your grimoire has. Though the The problem in the cover page is the same. Everything inside this book is completely different. Also, it's incomplete. Can I load this guy the horn one? Or is it he's gone gone? He decided to do it. Invest to a... no, what was it? Don't do anything. You do a perception check, actually. Okay. What the fuck? Why is it not working? There we go. Fifteen. This appears to be the final stage of the staining. His legs are all blacked up, arms are black, his horns are forming towards below his eyes. You know, mentioned in the research. He was not so affected. Yes. The
Page 19

reason he had no wisdom is because he was... Being controlled by something else? Yes. So literally, I don't know if I should feel bad for these people or what, but they're literally... I don't know. How did they even end up in this situation? Exactly. When we get these kids out of here, where are we supposed to take them? Well, Viala must have I would assume they have homes and Baldur's Gate. Not Baldur's Gate, oh my god, what are you? Forgot I'm gonna be... What are you? So they'd have homes here. I'm assuming they abducted them from here. How are we supposed to find them? Well, I am a tracer so I'll try to know this. Yeah, okay. Thank you for Yeah, okay, so you take the kids out but like there's also how will you take the kids out without making it No no no, don't worry about the portal. It's also we're just carrying like kids. Yeah, that's the main issue. Umm... I mean each one of us can carry, I mean... we had like five people, no? Or four. Four people. Four people. So one has to carry two kids. That's the idea I can do that. By the way, before you leave, I'd also like to add that all the other books that the kids were writing, like I said, they all have the emblem, but all the books have something else written in them. Oh, like each one has something different written? Yes. Can we... yeah? You don't need to investigate it. You can read it, obviously. So you see one book is talking about magical sources in Faerun and how to control them, subdue them. A different book is talking about how to change the materials of things. Like, change stone to diamond and human into nothing. For example, like air. Like humanoids, sorry. So it's like a transformation that's completely illegal and unnatural. So you see that all of these books have different sources of knowledge that are unattained by other people. This is like forbidden knowledge. Yes. You also harbor such knowledge in your grimoire. Again, no one needs to know that. Yeah. So we are gonna take all of these books, we can't really just leave them. Into the pocket-damage. Yeah, in the pocket-damage. Then we can show it to somebody who you know. Maybe not yet, but... Because in the wrong hands, these can be dangerous. I'll keep on saying, but for now let's get these kids out of here. How are we supposed to do that? What if they're already in the wrong hands? Even taking them, it's fine. The kids. Okay. Putting the kids in the pocket dimension? I mean, we can do that. I guess. Or we can carry them. The thing about carrying them is you have to take them outside. Yes, we can just put them in the pocket dimension with you, yeah. Violet, I promise you're safe, we have done this before. Yes. It's just until we can find a place to put them more comfortably. Yeah, we've got toys, we've got furniture, we've got everything. Oh, that's true, yeah? Furniture. Also, I need you to collect your thoughts, because there's a lot of stuff that happens. There's a lot of thoughts. Where leads a day? My thoughts are all over the place. I feel like they should collect their thoughts after they've gone to safety, no? I mean, let's just assume you have... Let me take you back to the tavern. You've taken the kids into the pocket dimension and have left the confines of that horrible place. Such a traumatic aspect of it now. I guess we can give the kids to Violet, you have them. Just so we don't forget them in the book. And to return your end of the bargain, Violet gives you the information you desire. Dominique. And tells you that Dominique lies at... there's like a... you know those sewage rivers? So there's like a sewage river and there is a specific canal that leads to like inside a sewage system that he is hiding in and like is spotted there by someone by a lead of course. However you have to figure out the rest from there. The sweet system is here in this world? Yeah, it's in the south world. Okay, okay, okay. Okay, that's good news. So are we gonna see you again or? Who? Violet? Yeah, Violet. She gives you a card. This card is like... If you ever need assistance, you can just put some of your mana in and I'll know. Yeah, that worked really well last time. Thanks, okay. Take care of the guy. That was like a different situation. No, but me and mana do not go together well. Oh, anyways. Yeah. Okay. So... Now? Do you want to collect all the knowledge? Because I can still answer your questions based off what I've already shown you. Okay. So I just want to make sure everything is clear. We kind of don't understand the connection to the shards. There's a thing called... It's not connected to the shards. So this is completely different? This is connected. This is like a sub connection to the Kulk. Yeah. Okay. Okay. So the shards and the stag... This has... The stag has nothing to do with the shard as of from what we know. Okay. And they're doing this ritual known as the staining. Yes. up till now we have no new information about the shards so let's keep that aside for now. What we found out is they've been experimenting mostly on tieflings from what I see and whatever this is, whale is somehow involved from what I can understand but no memory of it. He's still sane? Even though he survived the stage. You have to read the stages again and you'll see like you haven't reached the second stage. Yeah, but the thing is with the other kids they literally, they were like consumed by it in seconds or like in a short amount of time and Vale is like still here. There are, look some have, You know how some
Page 20

died and some survived the kids? It's because some have more affinity, resistance towards... Like it depends on the... In terms of Vale, from what I can tell, his arms are stained past his elbows, but there's no like, fingertips weeping and he's not like... I mean he does write, but not compuls... Yes. The thing is, it's not... It's not set in stone, actually. You're not in the confines of what you're told to do. And you don't have the memory of the past either. Something is protecting him. Something is? Something is protecting him. Yeah. Could be. Who knows? But like the point is that Vale is going through it and Vale needs to figure out a way to not go through it. Vale is just gonna be quietly sitting on his bed. I know, like none of the characters know that Vale could possibly look like what we just saw. Yes, exactly. And we don't want that. Yeah, hopefully it's, you know, it doesn't come to death. Hopefully Vale will be, you know, comfortable enough to share his thing with us. I've been here sorting Dunivir's family drama and then... Just stuck in my heart bullshit suddenly. Oh my god, that is... It was such a fucking whiplash. I love that. Just smack in the face. Generally, I was shocked. Did you like that? Yes! Very much. I'm terrified. Intrigue has been built. So the cult is also connected to the watch. Yes. I mean that we did figure out. No, but it's like it's so much... So many connections. So our next steps are going to be going to the... not the Sovereign's Guild, sorry, Sorcerer's Guild. I don't know why I keep thinking Sovereigns. Is there any other thing that hasn't made sense yet? The blood, the black thing, that was like quote-unquote blood of the stag. Yes. That's why the animal was familiar? Yeah. Yes, yes. First you tell him that he is going through this curse or whatever and then you also tell him that the blood is supposed to be of a stag. Do you know? Yeah. This is like trauma after trauma. Vale doesn't have memories, the fact that the most traumatic thing was the child exploding. and like Vale was so concerned about Dunavir like did the blood get out of you? It was like a copping. Denial, okay? I have a question. How was I able to like... I was able to wash it away with water so if there is a I'm guessing the problem is it was injected into them from the implications. Yes. So that's why it was like more, you know, intrusive on them. For you it touched the skin and you were able to wash it off in time. Okay, I see. I think that's what's happening. Yes, yes. That's the correct implication. By the way, we still have that container of blood. Yes. No, we don't. I don't know why it's kind of giving venom vibes. No, it shattered, didn't it? Yeah, the blood talking to us. It fell backwards. I mean, you could still collect it. Like, it doesn't matter. Yeah, I'm just gonna have like a vile of it. Yeah. Oh, yes, we have venom. We have our own venom. It literally gives a win of vibes. So in Dunivir and Alenia Liora's perspective, the world opened because of the blood in the container, not because of Vale. But I want to make one thing clear. It was Vale. I mean, they still have a suspicion because they saw the... they saw it like fling back. But it was Vale that opened it. Yes. He has blood in it. I tried it, it didn't work. So this is a bit suspicious that it worked with Vale, okay? So he does have blood on him. I am terrified. That was fun. Oh my god. That was very fun. Like, I'll stop the recording. Yeah.
Page 21

