3
March 8, 2026
Session Summary
Session plagued by technical glitches begins with recap of prior events including Lily's tragedy, uncle clues, tavern intrigue hinting at Astri-Emily romance, and portrait discoveries leading upstairs in Devil's Fee. Alenia rejoins group dramatically. Upstairs reveals demonic artifacts, indestructible ritual room mirroring Albert's prison charm, and abandoned contract chamber yielding demon pact symbol parchment, Summon Fiend scroll for Vale, and minor gold. Sudden rumble prompts chase with Erendor and Valtor, leaving Lily and Emily guarded. Encounter Minerva battling siren foes; swift victory. At crash site, crystal radiates heat and life; Harpers Minsc (with Boo) and Jaheira provide intel, joined by noble Flaming Fist Ambrose. Crystal blooms into Titania, Empress of Light, spawning sun petal flowers; intense boss combat ensues with summons, illusions, and heavy damage exchanges before abrupt end.
Timeline of Events
1. Technical map fog issues resolved amid banter. 2. Alenia arrives with Kiernan; enthusiastic reunion. 3. Perception trail leads upstairs: locked pentagram room, contract office explored. 4. Discover pact symbol paper and Summon Fiend scroll; Vale scribes spell. 5. Rumble shakes ground; party rushes with NPCs, Lily stays safe. 6. Aid Minerva against gossamer siren and blue foe; quick kills. 7. Arrive at meteor impact: steaming crystal. 8. Meet Harpers Minsc & Jaheira; noble Ambrose assesses threat. 9. Crystal implodes, blooms; Titania emerges amid flowers. 10. Boss fight: flowers burst, fiends summoned, heavy volleys exchanged.
Quests
Page 1

Investigate Devil's Fee Locked Room
Magic trail leads to indestructible door with ritual pentagram inside, same charm as Albert's prison.

Page 2

[Discovered]

Lily's Uncle
Mentioned in recap, meeting context.

Page 3

[In Progress]

Emily/Astri Relationship
Lesbian side quest, tavern connections.
Page 4

Characters & NPCs
Lily
Orphan girl Mother dead, meeting uncle, left with Azuriel.
Emily
Tavern worker Poetry writer, possible Astri lover, protected by Azuriel.
Azuriel
Flaming Fist Nip piercing, guards Emily and Lily.
Erendor
Flaming Fist Lieutenant Third rank, mentor, journal of students.
Albert
Prisoner Cell locked with magical charm.
Minerva
Mysterious fighter They/them, void dagger, black flames.
Jaheira
Harper Fights threats, witnessed crystal fall.
Minsc
Harper With space hamster Boo.
Ambrose
Flaming Fist Second highest rank, noble.
Page 5

Lewis
Tavern bartender Suspected affair.
Locations
Devil's Fee
Building for devil contracts to Nine Hells, upstairs hallway with locked magical charms, ritual pentagram room, spiderweb contract room.
Lower City
Area explored after comforting Lily.
Local Tavern
Where lesbian side quest began, employee list found.
Erendor's House
Flaming Fist lieutenant's residence with journal.
Balderan Statue Area
Site of falling crystal near founder statue.
Loot & Items
30 Gold (x30)
Found in Devil's Fee contracts room
Parchment with Demon Pact Symbol
Matches symbols on monsters Retrieved from contracts room chests
Page 6

Summon Fiend Scroll
Wizard spell to summon fiend (demon/devil) Learned by Vale from pinboard in contracts room
Combat Encounters

Encounter at Outside gap after thud in lower city
Enemies: Gossamer Siren (white-haired), Blue Enemy Outcome: Party victorious Loot: Demon pact symbol on bodies
Encounter at Near Balderan statue after crystal impact
Enemies: Titania (Empress of Light), Sun Petal Balloon Flowers (summoned x multiple) Outcome: Ongoing at session end

Memorable Quotes

"Oh my god, Alenia, my homie. I just run straight towards her and then jump on top of her." -- Khabev

"Lesbian quest. That's just the name of the side quest now. Lesbian love story." -- Durnehviir

"Can I intimidate the papers? It intimidates them into revealing secrets."

-- Vale

"We met a hot woman and now we're fighting enemies. Thank you, ten words or less." -- Player

Next Steps

· Resume Titania confrontation. · Interrogate Minerva further. · Pursue uncle lead post-combat. · Return to Devil's Fee. · Consult Cham on charms.

Page 7

Session Transcript
Okay, so I will put you guys in the area. I didn't realize you could see the whole map last night, so I have to fix them stuff. Oh! Oh! No, we weren't supposed to see that. No. Ah-ha! Um, am I not supposed to see all of this? We can see the whole map. Because... No, yeah, I can see the entire map. I was completely zoomed out. There are some entities. But it's fine. Are you still able to see the whole map? Yeah, I could see the entire thing. I was completely zoomed out. Yeah, same. I mean, like, even right now. We can't see anything on it. Yeah, but I can see the entire layout. I can see the entire layout. I just can't see the entities. Can you send a screenshot to me personally? Oh, yeah. Personally, just in case. Just in case. Oh wait, I can see the entities. It's just like if I zoom in on them. I can see everyone. You can. Wait, hold on. Let me try. This is not an entity. I see the whole map, but only the people in Devil's Game. Oh, there is one. Why is Leora all the way off the map? Leora is not even in the game, guys. No, she's always. I haven't even joined. Your character was off the map. Why is Leora? I should pull that up on my phone. I should pull that up on my phone. As a disclaimer, I can see more than this. Damn. I mean, yeah. Hold on, where the hell is this? How about now? Next door crashed. It said data crashed. Now you guys have to reload. I think it will work. Okay. It just said data crashed. Okay. I forgot my password. Password? No no no, something else. The music is very good. There is a site there. Fail to execute draw image on canvas rendering content. Oh. Bro said a lot of words. Okay yeah, now it's all black. Except the area you're in. Yeah, except the area you're in, right? Yeah, yeah. I can't even see our area, hold on. What the hell are we? Oh there we go. Did you say something? No, I was like, did you catch darkness or something? No no no. We weren't apparently supposed to see. Okay so I'll just play the music we had before. Do we need a recap? Not by you this time. By Durnehviir. No! Yes. No, why? I don't remember. No, shut the fuck up. Yeah, you have to remember now. Oh shit. Okay. What the fuck did we do last time? I, I, I... No no no no, let her figure it out. If she was together with it then she can. No no no, you say it, you say it, we'll fill in the gaps, just start. Say whatever you remember. What was the little girl's name? Lily. So we found her mother who was dead. We told Lily about it. And then... And then... And then... Leora gave an Oscar winning performance. We comforted... Everyone except me comforted Lily. And after that we went to the lower city. Yes. And then... We found something related to Lily No, no, it was Astry No, but we found something about an uncle No, oh yeah, Lily's uncle Oh yeah, we found a necklace, we found a spig with that necklace and then we used it on the mother and she told us that they were here to meet some uncle Their uncle, Lily's uncle Yes, Lily's uncle That is that, that is about Dili and then we found something related to Astri that she might be a lesbian. She might be... She is a lesbian. Okay. She is one. You don't know that. There's something going on with the local tavern's cook or something. I'm thinking that it's Emily. Lewis is the bartender. Yeah, it's the Lewis. Anyway, no it's not Lewis. Yeah so we... What did we do? We went exploring in the tavern. Yeah we met another NPC. Azuriel? The guy with the nip pierce. Yeah. Okay. And we fought some... We fought some people. Some people. What else? Some people and some monsters. lesbian quest took us to this place. Oh my god. Lesbian quest. That's just the name of the side quest now. Lesbian quest. Lesbian love story. In your notes, your side quest name should be the same. Sure. Okay, so we were on the lesbian side quest. We met a man, Aaron Bowers. potential girlfriend Emily. So we should probably interrogate her. No we're not gonna interrogate her. Okay and then the DM pulled something out of his ass and left us at a cliffhanger. So in this place we see two photos, two portraits. One is of Leora's whore of a father. Was it uploaded somewhere? No. What was uploaded? The picture. No, no. Of the painting? No, you didn't send the painting. Oh, okay. Yeah, and then another is of my antlers. Something that looks similar to my antlers. Your heirloom. Yeah, my heirloom. And when I did a perception check, There was magic around it and it was pointing towards upstairs. So that's where we left it. Okay. Is everyone gonna be shocked when I suddenly appear? You're certainly not sick anymore. Oh my god. So what happens is while you guys are looking at the bait digs, suddenly Kiernan comes back with Leora. Not Leora, fucking Alenia. Leora, let's go! Alenia! Alenia! And they're both approaching the door and all of you look at them and you see them coming towards you. Unfortunately, Kiernan is offline. His frontliner is kind of gone. So he's just standing there, stiffly. She's definitely there. But Eleni is there. So if you can say hi. Hi Eleni. Okay. So, my attention before
Page 8

my attention was on the painting of course. But... Yeah? My attention before my attention was on the painting of course. What happened? Hold on, he has three sounds of playing Lepidus. Okay, there we go. No, I'm back, I'm back. Okay. I look back and then I see my best friend, Alenia. Damn. Oh my god. Oh my god, Alenia, my homie. I just run straight towards her and then jump on top of her. Oh my god. I just offered a sign there obviously Hold on Khubev, there's something you need to know Like when you met me in Waterdeep, like met my character in Waterdeep They looked a bit different, like their appearance They didn't have antlers She's also blind though But now they do Oh yeah, he's blind I mean I'm blind bro, I don't care Yeah What is that? You say like that, come on. You can probably recognize me by my scent or something. I just jump on top of you. Your wife. Yeah, then I just stand there awkwardly. Let's just ignore the paintings, guys. Hello, Alenia. Leora, Ash, Vaheya, walks up. How have you been doing? Alenia, I thought you were dead. What happened to you? Can I just sneak upstairs? Can I just sneak upstairs? Yeah So how does it feel getting off the bed? You guys see the Where are the paintings? I didn't mention this painting of L.A.L.A.D.. Of Leora's father's concubine Father and concubine What are you asking? Do you not know the meaning of concubine? No, I don't. They are.. Okay, hold on. What's the family friendly definition? Friendly family? Friendly family? It doesn't matter. A woman who lives with a man but has lower status than his wife or wives. A mistress. Your father's a whore. By the way, there's a chance I might disconnect. Voltage has suddenly died. That's fine, you can just drop that or something. You can go back to being sick. I might fall sick too. Okay, can we go upstairs? Yes, you can. It's better because my voice is stepping out. Is it better now? Yeah. Okay. Let me up. Oh, I'm already up. Okay, so, unfortunately we don't have what it looks like upstairs. Unfortunately. But, I can show you what it looks like in a different way. The squares. She is. I think she's still here, but she's not. If that makes sense. Okay, so there's this and like this is like where you guys come from. Sorry, I had an audience. I did wanna roll play in front of them. Oh no. Okay. Okay, okay, so this is it. Hold on, let me this. Erase the... Okay, there we go. Now you guys are upstairs. And you notice there's like a very... There's a... A hallway. That's like... Like filled with ornaments. And there's a... What is it? Not satanic? at all it's like uh devil yeah demonic uh uh what is it necklaces rings charms that are like put in cases and you can't access them because they have you can you can see there's like a a lock on them a magical lock on them and do you want to proceed further in can keep going. Yes. It's a move. Do we know what this building actually is? This building is the Devil's Fee. This is where there used to be someone who used to take you to the Nine Realms of Hell. Can I see I literally just said they're locked. Also, the one specific room in the middle, it has... You can see what's inside through the door, but you can't open the door. It has the exact same charm that Albert had on his prison. Yes, so... Yeah, Albert the prisoner that you guys saw in... Yeah, the Yee-Haw prisoner. Oh, yeah. Khabev, you remember him, right? Yeah, yeah, Edward. What did you detect? Like downstairs, pointed upstairs, right? The magic. Yeah, yeah, yeah. The magic... Yeah, last session... What we did was like when we looked at the deer painting, she did an arcana check on the painting and there were like magic particles leading upstairs and those magic particles are like going through the door in front of you but you can't access this door because this door has the same charm that the prisoner had. So also like this whole charm is like surrounded like throughout the room and this like in restructible room. basically and like through the through the gaps of the door also Nyx is meowing a lot so let's just calm down she found something through the gaps of the door you can see that there is a pentagram for a ritual oh so kind of yeah She's a shadow. The mic is unmuted again. Fucky. That is not fucky. That is Zilla. No, not Zilla. Just kidding. Anyways. He's in conjunction alone. Anyways. anyways okay what what what I'm so lost now what was she saying reach you can see pentagram through the door for ritual yeah but you can go through the door and access what's inside yeah yeah would Arandor like he's a higher rank right yeah If Cham was on the damn prison, would he know about it? Can we go talk to him about it? Errrr, you can. It is like that. Let's call the dude upstairs. Okay. You have to go down to him. The hero's- okay, hold on. I have to go- Let's just say you went down to him. Yeah. He's gonna end up in the same place anyway. Yeah. So, what do you ask? What accent did he have? Fuck his accent, I was gonna say it. He had a sophisticated, elegant type. Okay. Okay, so, I walk up to Aaron door and I would ask, would you know about Okay, so tell him what's upstairs, right? So there's a door upstairs that's locked with some sort of charm. Would you be able to look at it and see what it is? And he... Okay. He says... Oh my god, I got a message. Okay. Oh, his light died. No! Okay. Let's continue. Yeah. Yeah he said. Anyways. Okay, so Erendor says, Sure, I'll take a look, but don't we have urgent matters to take
Page 9

care of? Ah, no, that's not what I said. We can save that for later. Is there anything else upstairs? There's another room as well. Yeah, in that room, that room is also accessible. You can't go in. Okay, so we can't go in either of the rooms. No, no, you can access that room. You can't access the one down, yeah. The next room. How do I... I cannot go to the left side of it. Yeah, let's just assume you're there. Okay, so... In that room... Okay, so in that room you have it's like a collection of what is it hold on there's like chests around and there's a desk with a quill and some ink and this specific place is to write contracts for demons. But this whole room is filled with spider webs and it's not been used... It seems it's not been used for long before the war that happened in Baldur's Gate. So in this specific place, they used to write contracts for devil packs. yeah so yeah is the door locked? no this door we can check right? this door is not locked and it's like what you see inside is completely accessible to you so i want to take a look around yeah in this room not that room this room oh right hold on the one below Yeah, so in this room, there you can see the chests are open and there's lots and lots of papers and some of them have sigils of demon packs and some of them have language that you're not aware of. language that is hard to read and it's like it's like ancient infernal if that makes sense ancient infernal? yeah language you are not familiar with well if I'm an infernal tiefling would I be able to read it? or no? no it's ancient what about celestial? is there any other language? My Arcana is plus 10 by the way What about investigation? It's 4! Okay that's not gonna do anything. Hello Superbill. Yeah that's not gonna do anything. What's happening? Durnehviir what's your investigation? I reached on her. It's minus 1. So, Durnehviir the room that- Okay so upstairs there's two rooms right? One of them is locked completely with the charm. that was the same as Albert's prison door. Through the gap, we can see like there's a ritual, like there's a pentagram used for some ritual. We tried talking to Erendor about checking it out, but he's like, we have more urgent matters to do, so fuck him. So we decided to go check the other room, which is unlocked. So inside there's like a bunch of open chests and there's like a desk with papers and quills. In this room, basically they used to use it to write contracts with demons, the devils. But it's like filled with spiderwebs so it seems like it hasn't been used in a long time. I was trying to look through all the papers in the chest to see if we can find the demonic symbol of the pack that we've been finding on all over the monsters but I rolled a god damn 9 so... All of you can roll. Can I intimidate the papers? What's your investigation? It intimidates them into... Yeah. You can try it. That is Dindar Dunder's job in audio. Because of... But you are me! I have plus 8 on my intimidation. Damn. I want to ask, what in Arcana check do I need? Like if I want to find traces of magic or something. Yeah, it will. I mean, it's supposed to. yes you could try to be fine you are the home is all what about investigation no no she knew her and I think I'm a good oh that's not gonna get I saw okay so you find that that in one of the scriptures there is a recognizable symbol no yes and i'll show it to you oh yo you can see it this is the symbol that you saw on the the you know the monsters yeah it disappeared real quick i didn't even see properly take that paper with you i do not you don't see it no It showed up and then it disappeared. I'll just send him a screenshot. No, I don't see it. I'll just send you a screenshot. I'll send you a screenshot, Kanjok. Okay. Take that paper with you. I keep it. I take watchman. Also, all of these papers have I just like I said it they all have ancient yeah in the future baby yes that's why I want to keep it I want to keep that contract is there anything else that we can say? I mean I did a 22 on Arcana okay so there is a specific scroll that has that like appears on the on the wall like it's like how do I say it? You know like in your classrooms there used to be this big you can like bullet- Pinboard? What did I say? Yeah pinboard yeah pinboard so there's like a pinboard with scrolls like the scrolls are like opened up and pinned onto the pinboard yeah and you notice that one of those scrolls begins to glow and it comes like towards you And this specific skull is actually... Hold on, let me make sure I'm giving you the right spell if it's not too obvious. I need more damage dealing bro. Okay. Hold on. This spell is called Summon Fiend. Summon Fiend? Oh my god. Yes. So... Is there only one use? No. No. Let me see if... If you are able to learn the spell. Because you're a wizard. Yeah, that's what it is. Because you can only learn it if it... If it is... Hold on. Accessible by wizard. It needs to be like in the wizard spell list. For you to be able to learn it. Okay, so it is a newer thing. Okay. I'll just put it here. Sorcerers can't learn through spells, right? They can learn spells through schools. No, no, wizards, wizards, wizards, wizards, sorry. No, they can't. Let's have a ugly Okay, you call a feed the spirit and a camp manifest demon devil or you belong Yeah, and what else? What does it do though? You can summon a phy. Yeah, no that's fine. What does the phy do? Yeah, it will fight for you. Like next. You can summon a D.Va. Hell yeah. I
Page 10

don't know it's gonna attack. Yeah, okay that's fine. Summon a phy. You'll figure it out. Can I just give the scroll to someone else after? I think you should have it because you'll learn the spell. Yeah, I learned it. Okay, I'll just learn. We'll learn suspense, okay. Okay. Okay. That's it in this room. Okay, I guess we can- But, but, but for the, for the treasure hunters, there is 30 gold for, um, yes. Um, um. We don't find anything in this room. You guys share your gold so you don't need to worry about splitting it. What about the pentagon in the other room or the magic charm? We can't open the door. I tried asking Eren door bros like we have other markers. Can I use holo purple? No. No you cannot. That room is entirely charmed and it Indestructible. Indestructible. Indestructible. I'm guessing we're gonna be coming back. I guess we have to intimidate Erendor. Cause what is this behavior? I can do that. Go ahead. Yeah then go ahead. I suck at talking to people. You want to ruin your friendship? You wanna be lovers in church? I mean who cares about this guy anyways right? I think. Actually no I want. I want no cheese of Mr. Andree. Okay, huh? No, I want Boris, not him. Wait, who is Boris? The blue guy, right? This tag. No. Oh, this tag. Azurus is the blue guy. Azurus is the blue guy. He's pretty, but Boris, come on. Yeah, he's good. Okay, so I guess we can... We'll come back later to check this out. Are you kidding me? Yeah, we can note this area. You will notice. Okay, so as soon as you guys are walking downstairs, you hear a very loud thud and like rumbling coming from the left side. Oh no. And it's like, and the ground begins to shake. It's like something suddenly dropped from the sky. Huh? Yes. It's a meteor shower. It's only you only hear this once and then it's suddenly calms down, but you can still hear the earth shaking slightly from the effects Okay, so as soon as they hear every this like all of them begin to like the NPCs yeah they rush out and yeah they're like something something let's see Arandor yeah Arandor says it's coming from the other side and let's go and let's go quickly and what else Let me see. Hold on. I will leave Emily. Hold on. With Azuriel. Yeah. So like Azuriel is taking care of Emily. And then he orders. The kid also stays. Lily has to stay back. The sigil I can see it now. Did you screen shot the shooter? This is slow mental processing is real bro. What is this bro? Oh my god. Okay so... Aaron door goes to this area. You guys can... Oh bro, Fran. No no no, let me make sure you can see him first. No we can, we can. Yeah okay, so he goes here. And there's like a gap here that you can go through. Wait, wait, wait, let me bring everyone else. So you can, okay so Lily is like don't leave me. You have to try to make her understand. What do you do? Wait wait, someone just tpeed me back to where I was. So what do we do here? Is he gonna be safe? Do we bring her with us? No no no, she has to stay back with Azuriel and Emily. It'll be safer. Cause we don't know what we're heading into. Did you not see the ground shaking? You want to bring a child to wherever that is? I mean I would think that she is safer with me, to be honest. I have zero persuasion. I mean we have Kiernan and Alenia just standing here stiffly. They can be parents for a while. They can be parents for a while. Yeah but we need to talk to her. Tell her. Let's see. Persuasion. Ah? Yeah. Yeah yeah. What did you say to her? Okay. promise Thank you promise. Thank you promise. And she like... She like runs back in the house. And you got free to go. Not the house, the place. Not a house. Okay. So we have... Where the fuck is Valfour? There he is. Okay. Okay, you guys can go through that specific gap. You see it? Oh wow. Yeah. Yup. I'm assuming Disturbiya is familiar with this. Yes, yes. Next, come here. Okay, so... You guys can keep going forward. You will... Yeah, just keep going forward. Yeah. Frontline, give peace. I don't want to be the frontline guard. Valtor, your turn. Who the hell is that? What the helly transgender? What? What is happening? Okay, so you see there's like two enemies and there's someone fighting against them and this person like even Valtor looks confused and Erendor Also Erendor is also confused and they've never seen this person. Okay. And they, as they're fighting, Erendor and Valtor prepare their initiative stance. I'm gonna go move back real quick. And you all have to roll your initiative. Yeah, I just move back. I've been waiting for this. Yep. I got a 7. Oh yeah, we got 7. Why is next faster? Oh my god, the portal is missing. Where is the devlet? Oh my god, what is this? What is happening? What is happening? Guys, guys. We don't wanna... Die! Who are the enemies? Can you uh... Which of them are the enemies? Oh my god! The obvious one is the blue one and the other one is this. Can we see? The white hair. Gossamer side. Oh my god! What the hell bro? I don't know if I'll be able to kill her or something. Let's not start flirting with the enemy, okay? Okay, hold on this box. Also, Valtor had a run initiative. Oh my god. 23 is insane. Look at all the initiatives. Where is Valtor? Where the fuck did Valtor go? He's heading to Arantos. Okay Okay, so yeah, the person attacks Are we not gonna see the other lady? The other lady? The NPC? Yeah, the lady on our side I haven't added her in yet. I'll have to add her. She can do a fire. The full image, yeah. Okay, so... That helps. Hell yeah. It's for 5 slashing
Page 11

damage. Okay. And she... Yeah, yeah, it's using twice. Multi attack. Okay, so... The person walks towards... The white-haired creature. And... Like, they have this... Void dagger. That's... Emerged. Like, it's... Like, there's like... From your perspective, it looks like... Black flames... And it's like radiating like void energy and it like slashes onto the siren twice dealing How much damage is it? 10? 14 damage. Yup. Okay. There you go. Oh my god. Fuck. Yeah there you go. Are you guys looking at your spell? Yeah, sorry, I was looking at your spell. Okay, let me just... Show you the HP move here. Since it's my turn for her... You're able to see the HP, right? Uh, yes. Okay, okay. Bam! Yes! Okay, now it's Valtor's turn. Valtor's. He walks forward. And he casts Eldest Blast like every fucking Warlock. That hit. Who said that? Who said that? Okay. Is it our fault if we have like two spell slots or something? Then you can regen every short rest. Okay. So that does 11 damage as it like shoots out of his hand and zaps the of a white hair lady. Yeah, now it's white hair. Gossamer siren, yes. Okay. Okay. I guess we can just kill her first. Okay. Okay, she uses... Okay, so it's going to be an AoE swarm of butterflies around... Let me pick which bitches to fuck. Can I cast Counter Spence? Actually it's considered a spell. It is not considered a spell. It's not a spell attack. This is an AOE attack. It's not targeting anyone. It's just there. It presents itself. Okay, let me just put it. So there's like a swarm of butterflies around you. And... Like, whenever you're inside, you have to do a wisdom saving throw. Otherwise, you'll have a disadvantage. So do a wisdom saving throw. When it's your turn. Can we move out of the swarm? You can. He has to do four turns in a row. Unfortunately. Okay. He releases like three moats from his lantern and each of them does. That's seven, that's ten damage on... Dernavi. Oh no. Yes. Do I not, do I not, um... Okay. That's your choice, but... If you have anything, you can use it. Saving throw. Saving throw? No no no, this is like direct attacks damage to you. Can I not do Hellish Rebuke as a reaction? You can. Okay, I do... But you'll also take damage. You'll still take damage. What about... I'll take it, I'll take it. I'll do Hellish Rebuke. Yeah. I can. No way. What's the dice roll? Hellish Rebuke. which get men being home and excuses each it the budget it's continue finally someone's sister shit I again real always not yet I want Is that possible? Hmm, wait, chat. Move in the end. No, because I need to use my bonus action. Okay. I'll stay for now because I want to try something. But I am going to hit the... Who should I hit? Who's almost? I'll hit the white lady. White head lady. With a fireball first. It's a disadvantage, alright? Mmm... Yes. But it's gonna be the hit... This thing or the hit? The damage, I mean. Yeah. The hit is a disadvantage. Which one do I roll? This one? Again? I mean... Yeah, yeah. The hit dies again. I'm confused. Well... It's the same! Anyways... Anyway... I guess Terbi has never seen that before. Oh, positive damage. 13. Okay. Okay. I'm gonna... Will places his hand on Nyx and casts Dragon Breath as a bonus action, because apparently I can do that as a bonus action. Yes. Okay. So I'm going to cast bonus action. So don't, not right now, bro. Don't. I didn't mean to click it. I mean I mean yeah it's gonna do it anyway so I do that now next thing with that I want to move the fuck out first and then that's right yeah but what's the range of dragons birth it's 15 but isn't next gonna do it on her turn I mean confusing yeah so I'll do I'll move next person and I'll see I mean it's next is turn now so what the fuck Don't hit the lady, nooo You're gonna hit Valtor. Should I roll it again or is it just 8 damage? It is 8 damage. Can she still do her own action or is that it? That's it, yes. This lasts for a minute. Continue. Nibloth. Nibloth. Oh wait, I should move first. What am I doing? Oh wait, wait, wait. Abdullah. Until the spell ends, the target can take a magic action. Oh wait, no. Each Heech in the area makes a dexterity saving throw taking 3d6 damage of the chosen type on a failed save or half as much damage on a successful one. So would that be from next turn? That was supposed to happen, we'll just ignore that. So you gotta kill them anywhere, don't really. No it does not. No. No. Lora. Leora. First of all, Leora walks out. First of all. First of all. And then she'll cast a... Fireball. Bolt right, not ball. Yeah. Oh, it's a serious word. It does start here. Girl, girl, girl. Okay. Is that your turn? I think so. Okay, don't get done. Okay, I'm gonna do Mind Spike on the siren. Okay. do it? How do you do it? There's no hit for this? I don't think... Can you put that on game log? Hold on. They just take psychic... They have to do a wisdom saving throw and if they fail, they take psychic damage. The target makes a wisdom saving throw and a half at the game. So you have to succeed at 15. Although, okay, so that's Durnehviir. I feel like that's still like a KO. No, it's not. Let's, they have to do a wisdom saving throw first. Hold on, hold on, hold on. Oh, failed. Yeah. Uh, I can't move to your back. Yeah, it failed and they will be KO'd I told you I mean they weren't KO'd yet They would have been regardless. Come on. No, what if they won? Did they die? Yeah, they died Nobody loved you telepathically and they died. Girl, stop. No, I feel bad. No,
Page 12

you shouldn't. Fist. Is that your turn? Is that Alu Allah? Anyways, ended. Oh, should I? I didn't move out anyways. Okay, Aran Dorm moves 30 feet. Okay, there we go. 30. 30, 30. Okay. 30 feet, 30. Okay. Oh my god, this is gonna be so funny. He recited, yeah? The circle. I mean, it's still, it's gonna be gone now. Let's just ignore that. Throw the saving throw. No. There's no saving throw. Wisdom saving throw? No? Wait. Wisdom saving throw? Oh my god. I'm getting mixed up. Hold on. Let me see this thing again. Yeah. Wisdom saving throw of 10 or have a disadvantage. She can't have a disadvantage because that spell always hits. That spell she did. Like, even if, let's say she did a wisdom saving throw, the spell she's casting does not need any advantage or disadvantage. You could just cast it. Because it's... Yeah. But... She would have had to do it if she was doing something like a firebolt. You know? Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. So he... He does what Durnehviir did. Not the Mind Spike, but... Yeah, Arandor. Not the Mind Spike. Mind Spike from Tino. Yeah, but he recites a short verse. And... It's like a demoralizing verse. That's Arandor. The Fist Tracker, I mean... Just track it. Okay. Oh god, this is... the wrong... thing? Just don't read it. Inspiring worse. No, Erindor, what are you doing? It's not inspiring. It's actually... Yeah, anyways. It's... DMHP plus six. Oh my god. Erindor, what are you doing? You're not supposed to heal them. Erindor, get going. Hello. Hello. Oh. Hello. I was knocked out after coming back from uni, sorry. Are you coming now? I mean, we haven't done much. That's nice, someone give me a summary, 10 words or less. We met a hot woman and now we're fighting. enemies thank you i will require the hot woman later uh yes no the other hot woman you press there's more than one she have picked my interest yeah you didn't see the the enemy hot woman she looks like you would have she's from arcane or something Did any of you try to romance the hard Roman? Yeah, just do like a seduction check on her mid battle. Seduction check? They're all parts at heart. It still looks like she could be a succubus. Type shit. Did you're mid combat right now? You can enter always. It's not an issue. But we left you with Lily. You are supposed to take care of her. Not with him. Not with him. I see a black stream. I have to scroll out a bit. I don't see a black screen. Why is everything dark? You're not supposed to see it. I'm in work. Why are two of you in the shadow run? I'm supposed to be confused. Mr. Khubaib is in another corner, I'm in another corner. supposed to be here. I don't know. I mean, he doesn't have to. I think the combat system is about to end. Yeah. It's literally about to end right now. Okay. You're standing in my place. Kiernan. You're standing. Okay, so... Because the person has a void... The same void blade... It launches off into the head of the enemy and kills them. Let's go! That was the easiest fight of my life. Did you just say Venom? Yes. What? It was Venom. Hello, hello, Amir. We also left I'm sorry, I'll be able to get it You're supposed to be our frontliner! Your frontliner could be used as a human shield, why don't you drag me around? I'm gonna... pet nix. Okay, so should we talk to the new guy? Hello, how you doing? He's doing my thing, hello how you doing? Just be in Transplendor, let's go. I didn't need your help. I didn't need your help. That's what you hear. Yes. We never said that. Who said we were helping you? We have our own reasons. We're just clearing the way. Clearing the monsters on the way. Okay. So you want to see what she looks like? Yes. Okay. That's quite nice actually. It looks like Fade actually. Hiiii. It's like Fade's final form. Yeah, it looks like Fade's final form. You know what this looks like? If Fade had gone through a Viego arc. Where she has a hole in her heart, like in her chest. Type-shirt type-shirt. Is that someone's final chord? That's metal as fuck. It's their own spine. It's their own rib cage coming out. No, I meant the weapon. The weapon? Oh, the weapon. Yeah, that is a spine. Her spine? Not her spine, that is a spine. Okay, I was gonna say how she's moving. That's what we can say. That's nice. These NPCs have something unique going on about them. As well with the nip piercing and now this woman with her. That's not even unique. Really? That's what you say? No, it's still like something that catches your eye. Just stare. They're all fuckable. I want to examine the new monster's body just to see if it's also the team in spam. This is the they them disturb you. I am not an allied character weird. You have a different set of problems. I am a female. I still want to look at... Go to examine the new mob's body Just to see if they are also part of the damn demon pact Where is that a woman? You don't need to, it's there It's there, god damn Do they have anything you spell on them? What? Show me the enemy Like this one under me It's better if I don't. It might wake up some necrophilic urges inside you. That's not so much, don't worry. I knew that. I'm going to become a necromancer later but that's a different story. Can Valtor not recognize... What's the word? Participate? participate in what? I mean they didn't recognize them. Who is the Frenchman with the low taper fade? Erendor. That's the black guy I was referring. Wait he doesn't know about Erendor because he left. He's back! Yeah give him a summary of each. When did you, what's the last thing you remember?
Page 13

Entrepreneurship. After we fought with enemies with Azuriel, after that he just was gone. He doesn't know about the devil's pee or whatever happened in the devil. I think Ahri was the thing. I don't f**king know about that. So, you know about Lily's uncle, that's fine. I'll be there while you guys do the summary. Lily's uncle is black? No. 10 words or less. to get the tavern we find in the kitchen we find a couple note that certain the the note to astray right the one that uh abdullah sent in the side right then we found a book in the tavern that had a list of all the tavern employees so we have alex the waiter jennifer the waitress louis the bartender warren christopher emily as the shifts genevieve is the owner And then they have a VIP list which had all the flaming fists ranks on them which is like Azuriel, Valtor, Astri, there's Lucas, Arundor and someone named Augusta. Then we investigated upstairs where we found two rooms, one was unlocked the other wasn't. I kind of exploded that door with fire, board but whatever. So in the unlocked room we found a chest which had written lots of like poetry. And there was another one addressed to Astri, so we're guessing that this is written... This is like Emily's room. And there was also another note that was addressed to Erendor that hinted... What the f*** just happened to me? That hinted... That hinted that whoever was writing this poetry had Erendor as their mentor or teacher. So it's like, we think it's Emily's room. Next room, the door was locked. Hold up. That's right, the promise is the one. Not burned now And there was an emotional vent on the page that said I think Emily and Lewis are having an affair but I just can't prove it. I will find out and if anything happens to Emily I will kill Lewis. Okay. That was happened. There were also charred footsteps that went downstairs and went outside but then they disappeared after some time. So we don't know who those footsteps belong to. So then we move down, we find a house that has Erendor's name on it, so that's that place. Of course we ransack it. So we find out Erendor's rank there is Lieutenant, which is like the third highest rank. He has a journal that has the names and poems of all of his students and one of them is written by Emily as well. Then we went into the Demon's Fae. where we find Erendor and Emily fighting some monsters that we helped defeat, okay? They died. They also had the devil pack symbol, whatever. Then we noticed a portrait, this is where the cliffhanger happened, we noticed a portrait that had Dunivir's heirloom on it, like the antlers. And there was a portrait of Leora's father and the father's concubine. Okay? We did an arcana check and we found a magic trail going upstairs. Now in today's session we went upstairs. So the magic trail led to a room that is completely locked with a charm. The same charm that had locked Albert's prison door that we couldn't open either. We still couldn't open this door. We all tried talking to her and doorbells like we have other mattress to attend to so whatever. We checked the there was a second room that was unlocked so we went in there. It was covered in spiders. Who the f**k is drawing on the map? Who left? Cut the new, cut the new. The room had like chess and a desk. Basically that was where people wrote contracts with devils. So we were looking through all the papers there and it was written in an ancient infernal language that none of us would read. We ended up finding a parchment that had the same symbol as the ones we've been finding on the monsters but we couldn't read it so I'm... Vale I'm guessing has the parchment right now. Vale also found a scroll for Summon Fiend that he's able to learn since he's a wizard. Then we went downstairs we heard like a loud rumbling thud so we went outside to check with Erendor and Valtor while Emily and Lily stayed back with Azuriel for safe keeping. Now we're over here we found this they them and we helped them fight even though they didn't want our help apparently. Now we're here. That wasn't ten words or less but you're welcome. Found this they them. I was trying to get in with me ten words. We found this that it's all good. We helped her out that's what she says so. I couldn't remember the word person. Honestly, there might be a good explanation if they look like Venom. There might be multiple people inside of them. So it might actually just be a highlighted factor. Okay, so now we're here. Why did you say it like that? Okay, okay, we continue. The three spines represent the three people that are in her show. Or that thing has a... I tried. I tried. Yo, so where did you get the spines from? Those people. I point towards Valder and Erendor. Yo, that one. How many spines you got? And just ask them what they're doing here. Should I roll for like an attack or something? Now I'm getting hit. What? No. You answered the damn question! What are you doing? I asked if they are with them. They are not. What are they? What is their name? It's Minerva. Okay, there. Thank you. Why can't you just ask the NPC not me? Yeah I was trying to ask the NPC who the hell you are! Minerva give us your exposition now! We just know it's Minerva! Oh for fuck sake! I am trying to ask them who they are! Oh my god! Everyone did! There are four different people who asked! Everyone just... Oh my god! Okay we start with... What are you doing here? The name's Minera. I will not entertain any more conversation. So you're a friend? He must
Page 14

never die. You're a friend? Okay, we'll move on. You can just introduce a part they them and not have them, I don't know, be part of the people and then just... Relax dog. Anything with the pulse is not safe against you. Okay so... Eren was like fast. The noise came from, you know, this... Let me show you. This specific area. Let me draw it out. So you guys... You have to zoom out a bit to see where I'm drawing. I don't see her. Wait hold on. You see the... see the circle now. Oh where? How far do I go? I'm much farther away now. I still see no damn circle now. Where the hell is your circle? We might still be in the shadow by the way Abdullah. Just zoom out. Don't go anywhere. Just zoom out. No. Mag-zoom bro. I can see the void. Oh okay okay. It's fine. It's fine. So I'll just move you with Aaron doors help. Okay. Like this way? No, just follow Erendor. Like yeah that way. Let Erendor move faster. Yeah, go on Erendor. Okay bro, it's running. Bro, new wound. Okay. Oh sh- wait, wait. Okay, so Erendor Erendord is like very surprised, he has a very surprised look on his face. Oh who are you? And he tells you all, it's the Harpers. The Harpers? Yes, the Harpers, yeah. They are a force that exists in Faerun that handle, yeah, there's like a, how do I say it? I didn't know myself, I just came back bro. Who is taking my cat? I think that's the sign Nevermind Crushed like my heart's a dream Okay So you see Only one person is probably familiar with this Very familiar Okay so Yes Yes you too I got to dab up the mold again. Wait, really? I just realized. Okay, I'm gonna die. I dab up the mold again. There's a mutual understanding. What is that? What the fuck is that? Are we supposed to see that? You have these two characters. It's a man and a woman. Both dressed. Let me show you what they look like. This is the man. Me too. I thought he was a short. Is he the one who's trying to appear? He has a Zuehander. No no no no. Not dead. And he has a hamster. He's a homie. He's a hamster. He's THE homie. That hamster is the hamster. You better not kill this character off. Yeah, that is a space hamster. Even cooler. Is it like infinite storage? Is it like stick shit into his mouth or something? What is this? Oh my god. Define space hamster. No. Okay, just stop it. You go ahead. Tell him. What is a space hamster? Ten words less. It's a giant miniature space hamster. That's all you need to know. And his name is Boo. Okay, Boo is good enough. I don't know what the fuck they said before that. And this is the other character. Oh, that was her name. That looks very familiar. It's a hero. It's a hero. What a shout word, Bo. Is this from your fucking B. Baldur's Gate game day? This is from Baldur's Gate. This is from Baldur's Gate, yes. They're both from Baldur's Gate. Okay. Wait, Boo is from Baldur's Gate? Both of them. Boo from Baldur. They appeared in all of the Baldur's Gate games so they are like pretty well known. And they are practically immortal. Alright, where were? Okay. So... Okay, let's ignore the normal talk we were doing. You cannot actually talk, talk to them. Oh. Yes. Oh, we could do that? Damn. because who wants to talk? Oh, Ken is already there. I look at him with a mutual understanding and I try to nap him up. And he looks behind you and he's like, Oh! Oh, hey! You see that right there? I bet there's another space hamster in that one. He points to the strange crystal. The strange crystal... that's like on the ground. I don't think that's a good idea. What? I go to tap up the dude and he turns around to do exposition? What? And like, Jaheera is like, oh my god, can we, can we like investigate this thing? It suddenly came out from the sky. The sky? Yeah. This is the thing that dropped. Can we talk about the social economic state of the world? And do you hear us? What the fuck does that mean? You ask us to talk to them and then you instantly go into fake solution. I don't know. No, no, he did. He did look at you and then tell you points towards that thing. He's like, he does acknowledge that you dubbed him. I look at Vale in a very judging and disappointing way person yeah on the other side you see someone approaching from the upper city and they have very noble yeah from the no very noble clothes oh my god she looks annoying she has the face of a fuck you i have money okay so in the middle right here you have you have this uh this strange crystal that came from the ground and around it is like it's radiating very... Why are you falling in your shirt? Yeah, it's radiating a lot of... a lot of energy that if you go closer you can feel the warmth as it tries to burn at you. Yeah. So it's like the... And this... This thing is like... It's like inside you can see like sparks of flames inside the crystal. Okay, that's it. If I yap on too long, I'm gonna take it. No, keep going. No, seriously, it's fine. No, no, no, because I was gonna say some random shit. I don't know. I need an excuse. Hold on, hold on. I feel like... Yeah. Yeah What do you feel like? Wait up the loudest the charm necklace work or the charm ring that I have? Sorry, my pink skyrocketing The charm ring sounds wrong Yes, you can make anyone friendly anyone friendly towards you and if they get attacked the charm is removed Is it like a one-time use thing like per long rest or is it like just infinite usable before long rest? That is per short rest I want to I want an excuse to perform an arcana, I think. I want an excuse to use that. No, I need like a
Page 15

proper peg now. Well, go talk to the pretentious woman. I don't want to talk to the noble. Are you out of your mind? Like the noble is slowly approaching, going down. Very slowly, she's still there. And she like comes down. Oh my god, what just happened? Can I also take a break to eat dinner? Before I get mad at me at home. Did you find a phone call? Mama! I'm going to watch Balenciaga Breaking Bad. Why is this week so tiring? The one you said, uh... You'll show later. Yeah, I'll show later. Just show right now, it's not that deep, bro. We're waiting anyways. Uh, it's just... Anyways. Are you back? Yeah. I don't know what's wrong with my... With my... I think I can fix that. I was saying that... Is that better? I was saying that I disconnected. No no no, all of your disconnections. I know, that's just funny. Why I don't know. If you disrespect the dog, just move on. Except your head. I will say that something's gonna shut the fuck up. We'll just see. I was so angry she didn't even want to finish her statement. So... And where were we again? Damn. That was completely... I'm reading Venezuela. So did something happen? The hamster has done a backflip. After you left, nothing happened. You're waiting for a reach. Okay. To eat. Do you need to eat? Sir, can I please find the eat sir? It kinda reminds me of one of those pods where the mindflayer... ...the mindflayer... Imagine a mindflayer comes out of it. Girl, you got your hopes and dreams out. Are you a mindsexual? I am... A mindsexual? A mindsexual, yes. Obviously. Then you're probably like false sexual or something. Uh-huh nice comeback dog. What does that even mean? That is exactly what it means. Type shirt. You can talk to anyone if you want. Disturbed it. If you can talk to anyone, I'll talk to anyone. I feel like you might be very eager to talk to someone. I wasn't eager? No, I feel like you'd be very eager to talk to someone in particular. Someone or two people? Something. No, that doesn't make any sense. No, just someone. I just go to Ming's and then I just ask him like excitedly oh my god is that a hamster yes it is would you like to touch it yes I would love to find a hamster a boo like comes like towards your hands and like runs up to your shoulders and sits on top of it Isn't it called Minx? I wish we could do that. Yeah, his name is Minx. The hamster's name is Boo. Oh, his name is Minx. I thought the hamster's name was Minx. Okay. What? You both look like you have been alive since centuries. Okay. It's a good thing. Literally, how do you even... It's just a hunch, okay? Shut the fuck up, Kevin. I look at you very like... Judgingly. Okay. Judge me all you want. Hater's gonna hate. No, you're just... You seem to know information, you shouldn't. It's just a hunch, or... It's just a hunch, huh? Yes. My perception may be minus one, but like, yeah. My perception is minus one My... What are they called? Conspiracy Theorians are plus seventeen Yes, exactly Ficking hell What about the... What about the pretentious noble over there? The great pretentious Actually, can we try to walk up to them in dark? Sure Yeah, go ahead, Kildan. Oh damn, I did not realize you sent the picture. Holy shit, what is that? That's Navi. Okay, that's hard. Looks more like Evelyn. Evelyn, if she went on her Zempick. Okay. Okay. They just have that siren, succubus vibe going on. No, definitely. I'm not saying no. Okay. I'm not saying no! What happened? I thought you said no, not really. No, I see you. No, I see you. No, I see you. Sorry, I'm just hearing things. No, no, I'm just judging you. It's the voice inside my head. Ah, yes. It's the voice inside my head. Interesting. Where is Leora also AFK? It wasn't Leora Nevermind, I'll get to watch the check He is not muted, is he okay? What happened to him? Is he still hung upon the lady that died? The hostile enemy? Ah yes, he went to go grief suggest we do with this crystal that just popped out of nowhere who are you asking I'm asking both of them um okay let me think which one is saying this no I don't want to say this let me think makes a saying The fucking- yeah, the hamster says, holy shit, I'm gonna lose my mind if I- What the fuck? Minsk is not the hamster. Minsk is not the hamster. It's the hamster. Minsk is- Minsk is the man. And Bo is his hamster. Oh, okay. Yeah, what did he say? What do you suggest we do with the crystal? I mean, you guys look experienced. Well, we should keep guard in case something happens. Because it feels... I can fly inside it. Umm, yeah. That is not mince. That's obviously Jaheira. For obvious reasons. Okay. and mince is like are you sure there's not another hamster inside who can have a friend and like jaheera has the biggest side eye and sigh ever Oh. Yeah. You are gone. I thought you were grieving. Hello? She was back. Listen, I have followed you beforehand because Umar is going to be yapping in the bathroom. And there are people yapping in my bedroom though. That's fine. My ping died. Hello? Yeah, I was lagging. I have 400 minutes. 400 minutes? Oh my god, what do I set this to? Did you guys do anything? Oh wait. No, I'm just talking to NPCs. Okay, let me try setting it to India. Hold on. I got other lowers but it's still no green so it's fine. Is everyone here? Durnehviir here? She was here. At the speed one. One child made Tarzan and went to the building. Because she is 7 feet tall. Huh? Look at the size comparison. She is 7 feet tall. I was not expecting the higher difference. How tall is
Page 16

Nexon? Not 7. He is probably 1 feet. 7.5. Who is 7.5? The noble lady. She's 7.5 feet? Yeah? 7 feet 5 inches. God damn! Okay anyways. No, that's 7 feet 6 inches. She's like 5 inches taller. Oh my god, 6 inches taller. Okay, should we continue? Yes, I mean everyone is here. I still wanted to do an arcana sec on a damn crystal. It's radiating magic energy as that's obvious and in within it you can feel life energy as well like a Is it an egg? I'm not gonna say anything, you guys are talking. Is there something inside? How about we knock on it and see who's inside? No, if it's an egg. I feel like you guys forgot that it's radiating energy that can scorch it. Yeah, scorching heat, move back a bit. Yeah. Back a bit bro. I feel like we should destroy it. How are we? What if it's... What if it's... Wait wait wait wait. I don't... Wait what does... Do I even have... I don't even have it. God damn it. Who had it? Who had the fucking... Frost one? Spell. Who I have a... I have a... No no no. Gideon doesn't exist yet yet I thought I had dispel magic but I don't wait wait wait wait wait you have anything we can use? where's clock? ummm I don't want to talk to a noble. Did anyone talk to these guys? Here? Which guys? These two. Did you forget? We were talking to them. We were talking to them. How about I splash water on it? Anything interesting? You can try. I create water. I have that spell. It's a turn level spell, what the fuck? Don't use that! Okay, let's just... You create the spell and it literally evaporates. The water just evaporates. Yeah. Um, yeah. I failed my science class, my bad. There's no evaporation was a thing. Okay, you were doing something, Vale. For shocking, not shocking like the fucking ray of frost I don't know. No no I don't have it I was asking Alinea has it and she's like No one else has it. Listen guys I think I think I don't know about you but I think the seven feet tall intimidating lady over there might know something. I don't wanna talk to her. She's standing there menacingly. I'm scared of her. I don't wanna talk to her. She sees all of you and she approaches you. Hold on, Nyx, come back. Why is Nyx on the phone? Okay. Oh wait, wrong person. There. Okay, so she comes closer and she... Oh my god, where the fuck are my characters? Valtor and Erendora, go on bro. Okay. Well, Erendor walks closer and she also approaches Erendor and she is like, so what's the situation here? I heard the thing fall to the sky and it seems quite... She tries to reach her hand out and and like grazes her a little bit and she shakes her hand. Quite hot indeed. And... And... Erendor is like, we are just as clueless. We have no idea how this came. But I think Jaheira and Min saw it happen. The Harpers, you say? And she like comes closer. and asks Jaheera and she says, so what did you see? What happened? And Jaheera responds that me and Minsk were fighting off one of the enemies and we saw this, like from the sky, it was like shooting down very fast and And it landed right at the center near the Balderan statue. Right there. By the way, that center area is like... There's a big statue there. I'm not sure if you can... You can't really see it at all, to be honest. So... There's supposed to be a statue of Balderan. So... The founder of Balder's Gate. Yep. So, this... Okay, so Jaheera's like, this thing landed here. And like, it's been, it's life energy has been growing and growing as like, we've been watching it. And she is like, the lady. I also forgot to show her. There she is. Yeah, hold on. Oh my god. Lord. Okay, there we go. Ambrose. Ambrose, damn. Yes. She's so pretty. This is supposed to be the second highest rank in the Flaming Fist. Oh, so higher than our Endor. Yeah, higher than our Endor. Yeah. Endor's third. Uh... She may be a bitch but like come on. How does that make her a bitch? Sorry, her being. You said she's a bitch. No, I was assuming because I don't like novels. She has been very, like her tone of voice has been very and not assertive like you would think she would from her appearance. Oh! Okay. It's not like your average noble that you are used to seeing. Okay. So she approaches the thing and tries to see what's going on inside of it but she is unable to And she says, well, that's interesting. I also sense something inside, but I can't seem to grasp what it is. And suddenly, like, the thud begins to happen again. And all of you begin to, like, move further back as... as this thing radiates with force and begins to... It's as if it's beginning to implode on you. And... And, like, from its... From inside it, it's like... As it implodes, the particles go everywhere. There's, like, magma around you. And something emerges as the crystal opens up like a flower. Like it's opening up as a crystal flower. Yeah, it's blooming. And from within emerges... Let me show you. Boss fight? I feel like the fire is so close because that is such a bad idea. Yeah, it's gonna be a boss fight. I'm just making some changes Let's hide this first I don't know if any of you might know what this is, but... I don't know. We'll see. Okay. So from within appears a winged being, like same as the other Fae, but this one seems to be radiating such mass energy, such magical force, that it's very... I thought you said mask energy. What the fuck? Mass energy? mass energy that it's uh what is it yeah you can feel the strength from you can feel the strength and you can know how powerful this being actually is and and there's like fear
Page 17

in all of your eyes for the first time like since you've been here so let me show you what it looks like Okay... Uhhhh... Hold on... Okay... I'll show you the full picture... Titanium! Oh my! I don't see it... Oh I see it! That looks cool! Okay... That's really cool. Wait, is that a villain? Yeah. What else? I wonder what we were firing this whole time. Butterfly. She's going through her face, bro. Come on. Okay, so... She's Empress. The Empress of Light. So, this is... This is supposed to be Titania, the king of the fae, from... from Final Fantasy yeah so that's what I thought would be cool here so that's what I thought yeah yeah yeah we are getting D&D and Final Fantasy crossover yeah okay let me play the accurate music accurate music We're still playing the tavern music There's a boss fight over Maybe this one? Not one piece of music You remember that? Iconic I feel like this fits the world We all know what this is I don't know, maybe some people don't know This is Raman's thing It's not the remix one Obviously it's just- No, it's the original opera. Makes me happy. Okay. Anyways. Okay, so this being, as it emerges, around the area, some flowers start to bloom. Like she's radiating so much energy that flicks these... What do I call them? Sun... Hold on, Sun... I don't know. Yeah, these are called Sun Petal Balloons. I'll put them down. Like, yeah, these flowers... ...begin to... ...bloom in the ground. Do they explode if we walk on them? Oh no, there's too many on them. I got two, it's fine. Yeah, there you go. Uhhh... I'm not gonna say anything there that's for you to find out. Oh my god. Okay. Okay, so... These flowers emerge and she... Her staff points at you and, like, all of you are prepared for battle now. Basically. Like, you're looking at her in fear as well. That's also a thing. You're not frightened, though. Yes, if that makes sense. Okay. Now, I want you to roll... for your initiative yes he is caroused okay I think they also mix and mix and deploy their also space hamsters. You're supposed to? Are you supposed to like destroy the flowers so you can hit her? Is that one of that? No. It's the witch of chaos from GS1. Yeah, I think we need to destroy them before they bloom at all. I don't know what they're saying. They already bloomed. before they completely balloon yes what was her name? titania can i use my charm ring on her? i'm not allowed to say that no you can't i use my charm? immune to charm right 18 What if we like all crit? Wait, the flowers are rolling? Oh my god! Okay, the flowers get a hill ahead before us, okay? What if the flowers are there to heal her or something? We have to go for the flowers first. Actually, can you guys go for the flowers while I try to survive tactical nukes? Yeah, that's right. Someone holds her while someone goes for the flowers. Oh my god, this is so much fucking bullshit happening on the screen. Oh my god. We have to loot for all of them. Yikes, good luck with that, chief. I mean, that's not the main issue here. The main issue is... What the fuck is happening? I'm on RP's lap. Have you seen that meme of the Super Smash where everyone joins the fight? Does that make a difference? No, I'm gonna give advice. Why not come on your laptop? I'm gonna give it back in bed, bhai! Just hijack it a little longer, dog. It's not that deep. I'm gonna give it back in a bit, bhai! What do you mean? I mean, but I can't do it, right? I'm literally just gonna be back in like 5 minutes. We're in a boss fight. We literally just started. No, no, this is the... We see a flashback. The ghost of Lyora is like... His ghost is like over the horizon. You win for me guys. Sorry, sorry, I killed Kejak. First you confused Kupep with Kejak and now you're confusing his character with Leora but... They're both the same person but I don't fucking remember. No offense. I don't remember how my own characters. The headache is bad. Okay, the day them goes first. Okay. Okay. Yup. Okay. Is that everything? Hold on. Zaheera... Okay. Oh, nevermind. Oh, so she was supposed to go first. Um... the butterfly but she rolled a 13 though no no no she is that was not meant to happen oh no she's gonna do damage to all of us and we're gonna be like the thing is when she points her when she points her stuff at you she immediately doesn't attack that's all that's the thing okay um i don't know Just keep ignoring any weird... She doesn't want to go first. I have a light spirit running around me. Is that normal? Just ignore that. How the fuck am I supposed to directly... She doesn't want to go. Asus... Asus... Okay, there we go. Yeah, uh... Reroll for... reroll for the lady again. Uh, they them, I mean. Yeah. No! No, let them be 34. Oh yeah, that works. That works, Lord. Yeah. Okay. Okay... What do we have at our arsenal? Who left? Also I might have to go eat soon so... Abdalai can you just auto my character as well? Probably. Let him die. Okay. Who just said let me die? The one with the weird antlers? No, someone said lie and then someone said don't die. No, I don't know who said that. Who said that? The Azulord is a nice person. I appreciate you. The one with the weird twigs on her head. Fuck you. The twigs on her head. I'm not gonna deserve it already. Okay, there you go. Okay. Let's eat. Jeez. Why is the taco is big? It does 12 damage. Yes. It is a spell. Yes, you can. Where is it? Oh, you have to pass the constitution to me. Oh. Oh. Hold on. Yes. Oh yeah yeah There we go, okay One of you I
Page 18

would be surprised if no one of you doesn't die That's okay Okay I feel like the flowers have a role to play in this fight We need to destroy them Oh shit. Yeah, I say the most obvious shit. And she hits Vale again. What?! They're racist. No, she's intelligent. What does that mean? They're calling you useless. No. Not useless. No, no. They're calling the other- Okay, short of them. I reach-weighted but like it hit the wrong person. Um, girl. Tornspend did not work. Successfully. Okay, that's- That is the turn. Wait, let me see if I can do something. Hold on, not to you. Not to you. Yeah, the one behind you. What isKaden is literally right there! I'm just large spreading her power. As a bonus action, she will... Use... Okay. Are you able to... Okay. She flies on top of the roof. Here. What? Yeah. No. Okay. That's it. Wasn't the plan. So you can melee attack her, but you can use Rainswilds. Because she's on the roof. Or you can jump onto the roof. That's also different. Okay. It's the flowers. Okay. Let's see. flowers don't do anything okay I think it's a good time to summon a fiend okay Valtor comes from this side and walks here and let's see okay I'll just blast... hold on to that... um... First. Uh... Okay... Wait, why did... No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, why did I do that? He doesn't hit. So... What he was trying to do was trying to hit the... the flower on the left next to the... uh... Titania. And... Uh... His logic was that... It's the same as yours actually. Anyway. So. Let's see. Okay. She... I mean, not she. They teleport 60 feet ahead. And... Let's see. Okay. Okay, so let me see how she is. Okay. So Minerva does Whispers of the Void and any creature she can see within 60 feet must succeed by some saving throw or take Dismiss Psychic damage. Now Titania has to do a wisdom saving throw. Wait, that's not saving throw. Yeah, there you go, that's the saving throw. That's the saving throw. Okay, that... And she also has an advantage. And she succeeds. Okay, now it is... Okay, if he does not take any damage from the... Will... Will you also smell us? what I mean what what is how are you doing it what does it look like etc I'm um Yes, it does. Okay. 14. That should be... Yes I thought that was 14 damage Whatever It's far to do damage. What theory? I'm gonna use Scorchicray. Right. That does hit. Okay. But that does hit. Yeah. Yeah. I should do it three times, right? It is immune though. Fire damage. What about the flowers? Everything immune to weight. Yeah, fire flowers. Yeah, it doesn't have any effect. Is your Scorching Ray a level spell? Yeah. You can't use your Tides of Fate. You have to use it on a spell. I mean, let's say you use it. Let's say you did use it. Now you can roll on your table. But you use your free one. That's good Divine surge Let's be in like a safer place Your spell automatically fail your saving throw effects for one round Yeah Anyways Anyways Let's continue Is he back or no? I... Yeah. Okay, it's your turn. Uh... Okay. I'll just, uh, wait. What? Should I develop or is it fine? Nah, whatever. I mean, you've had so much time because of... Eh, it is what it is. Okay, so... I'm just gonna... Activate my Shield of Faith. So, let's just say I have 18 armor class, right? On the weapon and... Wait, how far are they? 35 feet. Wait, is she on the roof? She's too far, right? Yeah, she's on the roof. Okay, I'll insert goal for this then. Oh, one second. This is... Yeah, it's 35 feet. I can walk there. I can walk here. That's 30 feet. So... Yeah, let's use my extra attack and just hit this. Bonus action... I'll do this. Where's the weapon? Oh wow. Wait, no. Does that hit? It's not... It's not a... Yeah, that's the wrong one, yeah? There. Yeah, it is. Okay, so 5 damage. And I end my turn there. Also, I'll probably just leave in the middle, but I'll let you know. Not really. Our pets are... Yeah. Oh wait, that's the wrong one. There. Don't have any fear. I don't think that hurts. I'm gonna walk like 30 feet towards the left because Vail is blocking my view and And then I'm gonna Eldritch Blast! Yeah, that was the previous one. I'm gonna Eldritch Blast the left flower. Anyways, continue. Knowing so much. Yeah. Oh my god! Oh my god! That's all I'm gonna do. I did my part. At least I succeeded. I look at Valtor. Yes, Valtor is also sad, I knew. Don't worry. Okay. Okay, Ambrose looks at... You will walk towards them and cast cure wounds. Okay now you get my 9 HD. What else is there? Okay. So for a bonus action, she does Divine Energy. For on her next turn, she'll do additional damage. But right now it's not that turn. So yeah. Jaheera! What the f... What the heck? Jaheera goes. I was testing out some stuff. How do I remove that DM? Just click on it and remove it. It has to look like a light record. It doesn't let me remove it. I cannot remove it. The right thing is not. Wild magic is getting out of control. Nothing, nothing. Wild magic? What the- wait, whoa. Whoa. Hold on a second. Hold on a second. Can we remove this, please? That's like a big... It looks like a big... Okay, okay, stop moving it out so I can remove it. Anyways. Anyways. Chahira. Terrell, wait for your turn. Tahira dashes towards the crystal and unfortunately she cannot do anything. Wait let me see, let me see. One second. Is there any bonus action you can do Tahira? No she can't. No! It was nice knowing you, Jaheera. But... But... She canned one bonus action... Flame Blade. Ironically fired as f***ing death. But she has one other bonus
Page 19

action, Healing Void. And she heals Dunderdandr. You can heal by 4. Thank you, Tahira. Oh my god. You're welcome, child. Thank you. You're welcome. Okay. Then it's the heart geister. He goes to the right one. Slightly far away. And... Let's see what does he have. Okay. He does Ray of Sickness. Let's see if it hits. It don't hit. It don't hit. It don't hit what? Does he have a bonus axe? He... Okay, yeah, he commands his snake to move towards the flower. Okay, there we go. Minsk! Minsk! Oh my god, he moves towards the flower. And... Okay. Wait, not that close, sorry. And... There we go. Hit, please! Anyways... As a bonus action... He can... Anything he sees within 60 feet, he can mark it. So... So anyone that attacks the creature will take 1d6... Like, will... Oh my god. Do 1d6 damage. Yeah, but this only... This lasts for... until he targets a new PA. So he will target the flower. What? Not, no, no, no, no. The mark is on the right flower. And the next time you do damage, it should do plus one again. Now we move on to the peril. Okay. So around the area where Jaheera and Nyx are, the flower... Hold on. Oh my god. Five feet. Okay. There it go. So there it emits a radiant burst around it and both of them have to do a dexterity saving throw or they'll... Nibbler's under Jira, I forgot. So yeah, all of you do a dexterity saving throw for your pets. Okay Okay Okay, let's see what happened Okay Niblet takes half damage Okay From... Yeah, this is the damage or not Where is... It's an Ashe, R, 2d6 Okay, they take full 6 damage. Oh, I take 3. Yeah, you take. Reduce the HP. You like, when you right click it you see, no meaning when you click it you see HP below and max HP, no? All the way down? No, no, no, no, not on the stats but on like... Oh, it's good. When you're out of the stats and then, yeah. Oh, I see, I see. And now, and now it's the radiant being's turn. Yes. So now, uh, three. There. Okay. Got it. Okay. So... Let's see... Okay... Okay... Okay... They conjure up... Another flower... Oh my god... Yup... Within 60 feet of her... Yup... around here and okay okay okay okay okay and like near her she like the the flower that's near her she heals it for 15 hp I'm just gonna take her on. And that is her turn. We need to kill her. Oh. Oh yeah. Clocked left. Yeah, we just... We just ignore that. I want to do something. Okay. So will that... Oh. I got her. I have to do the initiative for that flower. Get like a critical failure. Anyways, that's not that bad. Okay. Okay, okay, okay. Do we count him there or do you guys don't want Kiernan? I mean, you have two healers. You have two healers. Oh, Ambrose. Ambrose and Jahira. And yourself. Ah, yes, girl. Yeah. Girl, do not depend on me. Ah, yes. I will just keep... We'll keep Kiernan. And the same thing happens. The same... round, tier, and end. Yeah, oh my god, kill my son. There we go. Any last. But then she can't do damage. We should just kill that, destroy that flower next turn. So... She'll give summoning these flowers and then we'll just spend like two hours fighting them. I think we attack her, we focus on her. Oh my god, how do I... Uhh... Oh, imagine bruh! Also, can someone else control Kiranen? Does anyone want to wall up here? I want to be another healer. Okay. Yeah, that's what I... Because for me it's not loading, that's what I want someone to... We can control him to get that. Elias. Yeah. Just take turns. Public. Can you make him take this much damage? He's around that thing Yeah, he does It's a dex saving throw you can't do anything then I'll control that. But I've got loads. Hold on, I've got loads. Maybe I'll just go onto a different screen. Oh my god, it's so... ass. If only he was level 5, he'd be like 50 something HP. My god, his character sheetHis character sheet does not want to load it. What the fuck? Hold on. Uh, let me see if I can load it from my phone. Okay. Campaign. Sins of the sh- sh- shits. What are you worried about? I wanna know... She is. Yeah, I mean, my Scourishing Ray, like, I wanted to hit all three of them before. Yeah. Where is Gideon when you need him? Oh wait, I have a cantrip that does elemental damage. Hold up. Sorceress burst. Okay, he's scared to go on a load. Let's just delete him for now. Anyways! So nothing happened there. Oh my god, it's his turn to not shine. And it's a bitch! Finally! Him not hit bad dice holes I think he's still grieving guys he's grieving about us three try to understand now it's Minerva's thorn yes yes okay they walk up and Okay. That hits plus... Okay. And necrotic damage. Okay. That's 11 damage. Is it a reset? Oh. What do you think? Yes, that's there you go Okay, that is How about how about let's just Yeah, and I'm nervous, though. The big woman. The big fat woman. No, not big fat, the big woman. The big... That woman was anything but fat. Exactly. She's not fat. Don't call her a fatty bitch. Magic missile. I made it like 18 hit points. Mm-hmm 13? 12? Wait, plus one? What are you hitting? Titania? She has a plus one? Okay. Okay, okay. at HP. Who's on top of the statue? Oh, that's... Oh, okay, okay. Is it a duplicate of whale or... Nix? Oh, okay. There's another cat! Also I have to do something, let's say when one of the flowers is destroyed, she should take damage. Oh, take damage. That's good. Because I feel like this would drag on for too long. Okay. Yeah, this would drag on for... Oh, wait, would it heal if not? It's gonna take 20 damage. Um... What? What the fuck am I doing? He's asking if the flowers can heal
Page 20

her. I don't know. Is that what you're asking? Yeah. What do you mean you don't know? I don't know what do you want. What do you want? What do you want? The fuck? She will target the flower on the right side Let's see... Okay... Anyways... Doesn't land. Okay, what about... T60 here? You can. After Gantrip. Let's ignore Kiernan, let me delete that. I haven't landed a single spell yet. We'll see, we'll see. It's a Nibble Edge turn. Nimbalato. Nimbalato? If I go in the radius, I'll take damage. Would I take damage here? Like, will I be able to see it? No. Uh, you... Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes Also since this is fostered it will leak That plus half the damage. I'm not gonna let it. So that would be... Yeah, so that's like... I'm just gonna count it as 13. Wait, what the fuck? Ignore that. There we go. Yes, yes, yes Did you miss? No, I ignored Okay Yep, it's bye bye time What the fuck? Oh Which one are you hitting? Okay. It's dead, right? It's dead. It's dead then. Yes, yes. Okay. Did she take damage from the previous flower or? Yeah, she did. Yeah. Fighters won. Hold on. Cause the numbers are getting mixed up in my head. Let me just use a calculator so there's no issues. There we go. There we go. Continue. Ambrosia. Okay, Ambrose walks forward. And... Let's see... She casts Sacred Flame! Like a Divine Flame comes forth from the roof that Titania's on. And it strikes her, and she has to do a Dexarity saving throw. Let's see... Dex save, Dex save... And... Aham. That's a 20. Holy. So... Yeah, nothing happens. Aham, aham. Let's just ignore that. As a bonus section, she can... Where is it? So you can create a spiritual weapon and it's where on the roof and this weapon would do this is the attack roll. And it does not hit. Yeah it does not hit. Anyways guys Ambrose is completely useless. Jaheera! Jaheera! Walks up to the flower. Not that close. Wait. Yes, not that close. And... Wait, actually, let me make it, like, accurate movement. What the fuck? Jaheera! Fuck. Anyways. She turns into a black bear. Wasn't that a- wasn't it a panther? I don't give a fuck. I'm using normal wild shape. Like, I- it's a bear. Black bear. And... She... Okay... Okay, bite. It's gonna say Skimitar, but we ignore that. That hits... And that does twice damage. Okay, seven damage. Go release. That did fucking nothing. Anyways. Okay. Oh, nothing happened there. Erynor. He gets a ray of sickness again! The flower did not attack? No, the flower can't just attack. It needs to be around. Okay, let's see. Flower takes 5 damage. I can't see the HP... The flower. What the fuck is happening? Can you guys see the HP? Yeah, I can't either. So let's... Anyways. Okay, and he can do this twice. Okay, he destroys the flower. Thank him later. It was all boo It was all the hamster Okay, hold on He's gonna- He's gonna summon like five more Okay Okay Let me delete that Okay, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see. Okay. Let me see let me show you let me see Okay Okay she directs this right on Ambrose. Of course. Yep. Okay. Okay. Okay. And Ambrose has like a chunk of flesh that's like ripped out from the side of her arm and it's bleeding heavily. And yeah. It's a very graphic scene. Yes. I wonder and another flower appears guys on top of the roof what? on top of you the flower appears since she had... okay you'll just see what I mean. Oh my god it's gonna heal her! It's gonna heal Ash! Fuck off! Fuck off! Where's the flower? Anyways! Anyway! The flower is... Let me give you vision. I'm assuming you can barely see her on the edge. Why is it not even? I'm gonna reconnect While Thoras and Melus... Who's in the middle? Uh... Titania. In the middle, no? She's in the middle for me. Um... Um... She's coming for you. She's coming for you. Hold on. Wait, let me get a picture. Wait, what? Why is she in the middle? She's on top of her. We're gonna drag her back up there. Stop moving her. Wait, why is she back to full HP? What the fuck is happening, guys? Why is she back to full HP? Okay, anyways, ignore that. The fuck was that? Anyways. Okay, Valtor! Did he hit? No he did not as usual but he does cast Hex and he casts it on Titania and she takes 1d6 damage but she doesn't because anyways No, it does, it does. Anyways, that is our thing. Minerva. Okay, please do something for us. I feel like she is. Did he hit or did he not? Because he got 22 on hit. He did hit. Can you not make her go very close to her? Minera No, I am going to He's on the road Close to her? Yeah, yeah, I can I'm saying can you not Don't do that? You're saying I should not put her next to the... I mean that's her choice, so... That's their choice. Okay. They shadow step onto the roof. Okay, that's fine. That's not too bad. And let's see... That does not hit. That does not hit either Okay, wait what? I did not I didn't know I was on select my bad I will Basically you have to out damage the heal. That's it. So I got it. Yes. Holy shit. He said you're not gonna drag it but... Kintilla where's my character? It's right there. I don't see. Somebody's stuck. Okay. Arr, anyways! Anyway, sorry! Yes. Okay. Let me- let me just load up. What was it? 15 feet? I wanna make this. No, that's why... What the fuck is happening? Ignore that. Okay. Okay. What is the succession? 15? I have an extra reason. What is that? Wrong HP There we go It's both of them right? It's yellow Oh my god, it's my turn. Hold up. Do you wanna go here? Okay, I'll... I'm gonna cast a third level spell. Oh, it doesn't have to... I don't
Page 21

have to roll anything. Okay. to adjust it. No, it hits both of them. God dang! What the hell was that? Just hold up, I need to fix this. Is that fucking Zeus? Did you summon him? Yeah. It's a Luxor. Oh, it hits both of them, right? Yeah. It connects. But what's the height of it? Okay. Like three meter. Because visually, I mean on 2D, it will hit them, but like they are 25 feet up. So it has 100 feet of range. It says nodes 100 feet straight WSM. Yeah, that's 100 feet straight. But like, what about... Because it's going through. You can point it up, but it won't hit the flower. It will hit titanium. Only hit one. Yeah, because when you point it up, it's going through Titania, it's not gonna go through... I mean, look at it from a 3D perspective. It says each character should just do it. Nothing about hide or anything. Should I send it? That means... It's called Lightning Bolt, right? Yeah. Level 3 spell. height is no more than 5 feet. So you can point it up and hit titanium but it won't hit the flower. Okay. That's fine. So I see two ones I wanna empower that. What? I see two ones I wanna use empowered. Okay. So I do... Wait, where did the spell go? I do 1d6, right? Yeah, 1d6. 1d6 twice. Wait, 1d6... Yeah. Oh my god! It landed one again. You can reroll that one again. And you can reroll the other one. So that's 2, so you get 34 damage. Alright, so this is luck, guys. Okay. Okay That is your turn Can I? No, you can't Quicken? No, you can only do one So how do we remove this? Oh my god, I'll remove it, man. Kieran then here with us how are you doing can zone in um is Marduk yes okay alright how far is she is she still on the roof yes can I jump yes onto the roof I just can't? Uhhh yes you can. Alright, where can I actually reach though? There, I guess. Is that fine? Yes. Audrey! Huh? You wanna hear? In terms of his One minute is 10 rounds. That's a weird start of time. Guiding Vault, point blank, please hit. You're also on a disadvantage. Does that hurt? Oh, twice? Okay. Come on, do a higher number. you mean that hits yes yeah no no don't be the initial levels thankfully okay why are you doing this titanium okay yeah i should i be going to the floor no right okay wow uh y'all got that uh how much is that hit for i want to see I have a bonus action as well, I'll see what to do with that then. For fuck's sake, I was expecting high. Okay. I'm just gonna go for it. Where is my bonus action? This one. And this twice as well, I'm assuming. So I'll do a second hit dice. Okay, well, I don't think that hits regardless. Even if I do another one. Yeah, well, that's a question. By the way, I don't know... you use that weirdly. I recommend you read that spell because it's a summon that spits a weapon. Yeah, so like it's a one-time summon, no? Oh, for fuck's sake, I didn't mean to roll it again. You create as the Resonance of Episodes of Shows for the duration. One bonus action. Up to one. Oh, ten turns. So I can just use a concept? Fuck. I didn't even realize. I'll be honest, the minute in my head was like, okay, one turn. You just told me ten turns and I... Yeah, I mean it's already at a disadvantage so there's no... You didn't need to roll it again. You didn't need to roll it again. Two hit, I mean, two hit. Yeah. Why did I do two hit twice? Fuck. Alright, so... The summoning also requires that, eh? Okay. That's just the end of my turn then, since I missed it. Yeah. Hmm, meepoo. Bird. Birdy, go here. Start dive bomb. I cannot go near there. I guess it's fine. I'm just loading. Okay, there we go. Probably after this. Does it land? By the way, if it goes... than and then I just stop and we can continue the better with this burger I mean if you don't and this before and then it's obviously not no I meant content that doesn't work in who what are you doing the flowers the show here that doesn't Agar... and... 6? That's 18 mate! Yeah... that... that does destroyer. muted, but shan? oh shit, I was muted anyways, so I was saying I've got a misty step on the roof I walked like 30 feet here and then I used my iced step which is also gonna do ice damage yes so, I misty step like somewhere hold on I misty stuff here and then I also use ice damage on Titania which is like 1d8 plus my charisma. Yeah. 7 plus 4 7 plus 4? Yeah 11 damage to Titania We could just kill her before 10 right? Wait is the flower dead? The flower is dead? Yes Yeah Yeah Okay I just I just I Hold on The Misty Step... Yeah, she... she... she take that. Okay, so the Misty Step was like... I can use it as a bonus action, so I can use another one. I can use another action. Yes. So I can try my... I can try my luck at Eldritch Blast. I know I'll be at a disadvantage. Let's see. Okay. Oh, now. Um, okay. Do another hit, Tice? Yes. Fuck! Yeah, that does not- that does not- ways so like these and her god there's so many fucking NPCs they can just fully target her and enter oh my god only a bit okay okay what the fuck do I have to do Liquid Flame! That will do damage only if she succeeds at dex saving. That's it. And she did! Anyways. What else can she do with a bonus option? She can... She can go up... And Jaheera... Unfortunately... She doesn't have anything. She's in a bear form. Yeah, she can't jump up there, but she can just exist close I guess. She turns back into a normal form, but she can't do anything. They had to use an action to turn back. And... Okay... Erendor... Eregor, please. Something... Erendor, do your vicious move for you. He does his demoralizing work. Ignore the HP! And they have to
Page 22

do a charisma saving throw. Okay... I love how everyone is just fucking useless. I don't see Titania anywhere. It does not hit. She's on top, all the way top. Yeah, that one does hit. She's not in the initiative. For me she is. For me she's not. Six damage. Oh my god she's gonna be one HP. Six and... There you go. Do you see her now or no? No. How the fuck? It's literally her turn. What the fuck is happening? Yeah it's her turn. Oh my god, the music is just gonna haunt me in my dreams. By the way, now around a 10 feet radius, like this is one of her traits, so anyone around her in a 10 feet radius... Hold up, I am not 10 feet. I'm exactly 10 feet! I'm 20 feet away. Oh my god. Oh my god. I have fire resistance. I'm just telling you. Wait, is that 10 feet? I have fire resistance. I'm a tiefling. Distrib, you're supposed to count from center. Not the edge. Yeah, I know. I'm still at 10 feet. You're not. You're 15. You're fine. For me it says Benfeb Wait what? Yeah Oh Okay But I am safe I think so Okay So everyone around her is including Niblet, unfortunately like my thing was not working properly. Niblet is horrible. What about Ambrose and me? Yeah, Nexus also. Everyone is charmed. And they either have to be hit or... what is it? Yeah, this has to be hit to be removed from the chart. She summons another flower and heals the other flower that's right next to her. So there's just one right? That one, the one is not dead. So it's healed. It was dead, now it's not. It's just revived. Okay. And... Okay, as a bonus action... Unfortunately this is not the same charm that... This is not the same charm. This is... Something beyond a basic charm. Okay. Okay, so... I'm reading, I'm trying to read here. Okay, hold on. Um... Thing is... okay. Okay, she creates an illusion around her. Oh lord, where the fuck? Where do I fuck this? So now you can. Okay, so basically what this illusion does is she will appear in two different areas and you don't know which one is which. Oh my god, don't the anti-Athel ship. And as she enters the next turn, her flowers heal her and she regains... I'm not messing with you That's it. Anyways. You all can leave now. All we did was fight this damn thing and we weren't even supposed to... I mean, what were you expecting from the King of Fae? I don't know. It's the first phase, don't worry. Wait till we hit the fifth phase. Can I use lightning again? No, nothing is happening. We are ending it. Yeah. You're very close, extremely close. You just need 30 more minutes. Well, I should have taken some damage, right? You've taken some damage? Should I not have any damage on me? I'm full HP. You're turned around. Have I really not been hit at all? I'll take it.
Page 23

