Session 9
March 8, 2026
Session Summary
Dernavir and Vale enter a trance-like void after opening a cursed door, experiencing shared and personal visions revealing connections to the 'People of the Antler' cult. They witness a burning village, masked cultists with antler symbols matching their heirlooms and grimoire, a ritual chanting about a stag rising, a shadowy figure hiding the grimoire for Vale to find, a terrifying antlered leader by a stag skull, and Dernavir's traumatic tavern memory. They reunite after Vale snaps Dernavir out of despair using an illusion and voice mimicry, escaping via Nyx's portal back to reality with deepened mysteries.
Timeline of Events
1. Open cursed door, fall into trance void with frozen companions. 2. Approach sparkly light revealing Dernavir's burning village and masked antler cultists. 3. Grimoire reveals 'People of the Antler' cult info, links to heirloom. 4. Follow glowing cult group into forest clearing ritual chanting 'The stag shall feed once more.' 5. Grimoires react intensely, shattering memory. 6. Choose directions in void, split into personal memories: Vale sees grimoire origin with
shadowy watcher; Dernavir relives traumatic tavern death. 7. Vale witnesses cult leader with antlers by stag skull. 8. Reunite in void; Vale revives Dernavir from breakdown using Minerva voice illusion. 9. Nyx spirit creates escape portal, return to frozen room with time unfrozen.
Characters & NPCs
Jeffrey
Encountered at door Seen frozen when vision starts.
Page 1

Mask Killers
Cultists Black-robed figures with hoods, antler symbol, leaving burning village, hunted Dernavir for years.
Pale Grey Man
Cult member Sharp claws, one cursed black hand, holds identical grimoire during ritual.
Shadowy Figure
Mysterious observer Fierce red eyes, hid grimoire in ruins, watched Vale claim it.
Antlered Leader
Cult leader Red skin, glowing red-orange eyes, shirtless with necklace and jacket, sits throne-like, rain evaporates on them.
Cloaked Figure
Cult subordinate Reports to leader in Draconic, 'deed is done, stag shall soon rise'.
Serrano's Brother
Victim Sacrificed life in Falling Spider tavern memory.
Serrano
Witness Crying during brother's sacrifice in memory.
Nyxed
Spirit familiar Appears in void to create escape portal.
Locations
Page 2

Burning Village
Past memory of a village destroyed by fire, screams of people burning, recognized by Dernavir as their own childhood home.
Forest Clearing
Wooded area with cult in circle chanting, no breeze, viewed from bushes.
Ruins
Ancient site where Vale found the grimoire, shadowy figure hid it there.
Waterdeep
City where Dernavir awoke at age 8 after being left as a child.
Falling Spider
Town or tavern site of traumatic memory involving Serrano's brother's sacrifice.
Lorden
Stormy site with broken stag skull under rain, cult leader present.

Memorable Quotes

"Listen, you know it's always good to go towards the light. Not at all cases."

-- Vale

"Gray skin, stained hand. I swear to god, if this dude is like my dad... What if it's our dad? Learn more siblings!"
-- Dernavir

Next Steps

· Reveal visions to party without spoiling others' secrets. · Investigate Antler cult symbols on Devil's Team. · Consult patrons or experts on stag prophecies. · Examine grimoire for lingering changes.

Page 3

Session Transcript
8.5. The Dunavir and Will story. Okay, we're recording. Okay, so as soon as you open the door, you see Jeffrey and like the people with it, but you like you fall on your knees. No. What is happening? Yeah, you fall on your knees and the others around you don't like they seem to be frozen like that's what you see and you feel like this intense agony this chill down your spine and wait let me continue I have a bad feeling I have a bad feeling what did we do? Well you didn't do anything and. Initiator. Yeah, every this. OK, so. You. You fall on your knees, you feel this chin around your spine and you begin to sweat. Your eyes close and you enter this France-like state. So now in front of you as your eyes begin to open again are just the two of you in a void. Yes. Suddenly this void begins to shift and change and now you are in a forest in the middle of nowhere. Oh my god, this whole place was cursed. I knew it. Okay, so this forest reaches like far and wide but you see something in the far distance glowing. If you guys can talk about it. What the f**k just happened? I have no idea. Stay close. Yeah, I don't plan on splitting up. It's only us doing this. What is that in the distance? Do you wanna check it out? Yeah, I mean it's sparty so why not? Sparty? That's your reason? Listen, you know it's always good to go towards the light. Not at all cases. We have no other choice. Okay, we'll go to It's a sparkly light. So, as you approach this light, you begin to feel heat. And the further you go, you feel a fire. Oh no. Yeah, I take it back. I take what I said back. It's always good to follow the light. I didn't know it would feel like hell. Oh no, I don't mean it. So as you approach this fire you begin to hear screams as if people were burning alive. Oh no. It appears to be a village that one of you recognizes. Oh no. Yes. I completely freeze. I'm trying to process it because it's a bit traumatic. Why is it showing me this now? What the fuck was happening? It appears to be a past memory Not of yours, but of someone else's. It's your village, the one that burned down. How do you feel? I feel numb to be honest. I have seen this memory so many times. I have dreamed about this and now it's happening again. I just... yeah. I try to blink back my tears. And how do you feel about this, Moira? I am confused but a bit worried about the rno here. Maybe I try to pull them away from the view of the burning village. And as you do that, you begin to hear marching from the forest. It's somewhere on the left side. What would you like to do? Look to see what it is if we can see it from wherever it's standing. Okay. I would like you to do a perception check. The character is still frozen. That's so shitty. Dernivier noticed that in front of them there is like a group of people dressed in black robes, their hoards covered up and they are leaving the village. It's them. It's the mask killers. What mask killers? What? These people have been Hunting me for years now. I don't know what they want from me. And now you see that like, behind the robes is the same symbol that's on your, you know, what was it? End it? Netflix? My emblem here. The antlers. Why sit on their own? You begin to question the heirloom that you now have. Why do I have this? And the book in the book in Vail's hand begins to Hello. Oh, I'll take the Grimpoint to my hands and see what's going on. And you notice as you open the book, it immediately shifts the page to the one you're familiar with, with the Adler symbol. Reneva, you are also seeing this. This is my first time seeing it. Yes, how do you react? It's showing the heirloom of my antlers. What is going on? What does it say? No, this has been here since I had the Gromovar. That's what I've been trying to figure out. What? Is that why you are so... I don't know, suspicious of me. I... Okay, it wasn't on purpose. I mean... What the fuck? I don't know. Why is it showing on your Grim War? Like, what the fuck is happening? I don't know. Why is it glowing? As... What the fuck is happening? As it glows... Like words begin to appear on the book as if written in magic and these words read like it's a detail about the people of the antler. That's the name of this group. The people of the antler? Yes. And it reads as follows What does it mean? You don't know. It feels like there is a cult, the cult of the people of the antlers and somehow I'm connected to them. Are you sure this is your heirloom? I don't know, like my guardian gave it to me and told me that when they found me at their doorstep, they also found the heirloom. Like some masked figure left me at their doorstep when I was a kid. And also the air door. Are you there like a prophet or something? What the fuck is happening? What? How am I supposed to know? I don't remember anything before the age of 8. The only thing I remember is that I woke up in Waterdeep. and also the flashbacks from the village. What are we supposed to do? What is this? Your book immediately closes shut. Of course it is. I am not a piece of shit. We know that at least
Page 4

this cult has something to do with the Yes, we... you saw it in the... what was it? The Devil's... Yeah, Devil's Team. Yeah, Devil's Team. And it is... it was these people that you need to find according to the concubine to open the... The Mask Killers? The Mask Killers I mean. Yes. Okay, so you notice that the same glow that your book had is also there in one of the people that are like walking away in the rooms. Oh. Wait, what? Yes. It's shining from within the group of people that are marching away as they slowly begin to fade into the void. Hope you remember. Could we follow them or was it just like a battery? You could. Should we? I don't know if we should. We are outnumbered, that's the thing. And they're really dangerous. This is a memory, I don't know how much we can interfere. Oh yeah, maybe we don't even appear to them. Like, we are invisible to them. Now I want to go after something slightly. If it has to do with my grandma. You also... the screams from the village begin to get louder and louder. I can't hear this anymore. Where are you going? Where are we going? After the mast people put the hill glowing. Okay. So as soon as you try to follow them... Wait, I... I also want to know who took me from the village. Like there was somebody who took me and left me in Waterdeep. Maybe you can see. They try to look for the person or for a kid who looks just like me. I would like you to do perception and an investigation too. and Investigation both? Yes. Oh, okay. Yeah, f**k this. Oh! Okay. So... Oh my god, that's so quiet. Minus one. I forgot it. I got a dead 20 but minus five. Okay, because of the nat 20, I'll ignore the perception. You notice that it's one of the horrid figures, but they are not with their group. They're alone. And they are carrying little olium in their hands. Now we have two choices. Either follow that person or the group. I would say they are going the opposite direction. Exactly. Oh my god, a little help. I have to find out what the link it has with my Grimwar. Why the hell it wasn't glowing. I guess we should go towards the group then. Maybe it will give us some information about what's happening. That was easy to convince. Maybe I'll find a mask bigger some other time. Maybe. So what do you guys decide? A group? Yeah, a group. Okay. So you follow the group to your left and They slowly begin to fade as you're following them and the memory shifts and you begin to go into the void again. Stay close. And another memory of yours. And in this memory you see the cult in a circle and you notice that you're like in the woods, hiding in the bushes and this cult is like in a circle in this area where it's plain, there's no breeze or anything. Clearing. Yeah, there's a clearing and they are in a circle and you're looking at them from the bushes. What the fuck are we doing? And there is one person with the same glow. I'm assuming we can't see their faces? Uhhh, you can, but you need to do a perception check. Oh no. Oh my god. I'm having deja move from... Hey, can I win? Oh, me too? Yes, yes. Ah, anyway. Well, Vale notices that this person is like pale grey. There is this... is apparently a man. And they're holding the book in front of them. and they have these sharp claws and one of their hands is slightly black. Like, there's like... like, it's one of their hands is like a bit... cursed, you could say. I have a bad feeling about this. Yes. That's all I'll say. I don't recognize this man. I don't either but I still have a really bad feeling. Yeah but do you happen to know something about this cult or even the symbol of this cult? I mean you're a wizard and all and you're intelligent. And you have a grimoire. Yeah but my knowledge is limited to whatever was in the grimoire. I haven't I didn't even realize this. The symbol belongs to the card at least. The people of the antler... What do they want from us? You have the end! I... I will. I didn't steal it, even though I would, but like, it was given to me, so... I don't know what's happening, I'm just as lost as you! They seem to be chanting something... something... something in... what was it? Draconic? The language... Draconic, right? Draconic? The language's name? Draconic, yes. Yes. They're chanting something in Draconic. Oh, shit. Does anyone know Draconic? I know Draconic! Okay, good. What are they chatting? What are they chatting? They appear to be saying, follow me. You're saying what? Follow me? It's about... I'll just recap. The stag shall feed once more. Who is this stag? Are they trying to revive their god or something? Oh my god, what if I am the sacrificial lamb? What do we do now? I think we can go a bit closer but I hope you can learn them. What are we going to achieve by getting closer? I just want to see what's... Is there anything else notable from where we are hiding? Do an investigation. Actually, perception. Let me do an investigation. Okay, fine. I swear to God, this is bad. Okay, no, that's fine. Okay. So, you notice that these are people of different races, but majority Tieflings. You just notice that the hoods that they're wearing have a slight shape of horns. Horns? Horns or antlers? Horns, not antlers. Oh my god, what did my family get themselves into? Gray skin, stained hand. I swear to god, if this dude is like my dad, That's the only thing that's been like bouncing in my head What if it's our dad? What the hell do you want to mean? Learn more siblings! I didn't imagine! I didn't
Page 5

imagine! Oh god that'd be so out of left field Should we get closer? I want to see what book... He's holding some book, right? What if that's connected to your grimoire or something? Oh no. Okay, we can move a bit closer, but be careful. You approached the grimoire? Was it a grimoire? The grimoire? Yes. The thing you see before you is the same book that Wael has. connected to the cult. Well, how did you get that Grimoire again? It wasn't an abandoned... woman. There was nothing around there. And you just found it? I mean, yeah, I stumbled upon it. I was just looking around for some general. This can't be a coincidence. As you move closer, as the Vale's grimoire approaches the grimoire that the person has, the light begins to glow very intensely in both of the books. And both of you feel this surge of energy and this push that That's very strong as if the book wants to let go of Veil's hand and Dernovir is about to fly away into the sky. What? What? What? Yeah. This strong energy just happens to destroy this memory. You have your book back but the memory is now gone and you're in the void again. This just left me with more questions than answers. What the hell is happening? Did something change in your grimoire? Like, is it saying something else? I can try to look through it. I open my grimoire and see if there's anything new. And when you open your grimoire again, you notice that the words that were written for the antlers are now gone. Ah, of course they are. What? Now trapped in your memory. Are we... So how do we get out of this void? That's a good question. What we saw with your... Well, started off. What are you both thinking? What are you both thinking? I'm wondering if it's gonna show us another memory, if it's gonna be one of mine and I'm terrified. What are you both thinking in character? Trying to figure out a way to like leave the void. Yeah, how do we traverse the void? We're kinda just floating, I'm holding my grimoire. Wait, it's Nyx! Wait, hold on! Nyx is not there. Oh, to the other! Not even to the other! Nope, it's just the two of you. Oh no, Nyx. Shay, I mean, how about we just choose a direction and walk towards it? Which direction? Um... Um, you are called Whale. I don't know which way north is, but... I would like for both of you to roll a 1d6. A 1d6? Oh no, okay. Is this a 1d6? I can't tell. Hold on, I'll be right back. Both rolled the same. That would be some f***dum reunion. Hopefully Hopefully! Oh god! So, did you enjoy that segment? Yeah, I mean, we got introduced to each other's backstories like what the fuck is happening and the cult finally. Are we using the same entity? Stag... Stag goddess. What was her name? Or is it a different cult? Or is it like a secret? Who knows? Oh my god. Alright, I will let you keep your secrets DM. I feel like how the door just closed. I should have done something with my patron too. Maybe. You know maybe he might know something or what the f**k is going on or maybe he's just not. I don't remember him being very helpful. Well... To be honest, he just... He just helped me out because he wanted his own freedom. But like, maybe he has anterior motives, who knows. It's about to be 8 and he's still not here. If you boost this server, we can reach level 2. Yeah, and what are we gonna get? I don't know, it's just like, I don't know, we'll be level 2. I don't know, maybe the quality will improve, the VC quality. I don't know. We won't get level 2, because we need 5. 5 boosts. For me it's 5. Yeah, yeah. No, no. I boosted it like twice and... Yeah? Wait, it's wrong. Yeah, you're right. 5 more boosts. Well, anyways... You know, this kind of works because the other players are not supposed to know what you two are up to. Oh yeah, maybe like when we opened the door, everybody went into their own woods. Like you know, people who are connected to each other. And I think Elenia and Lyora are also connected to each other, so maybe they're having their own They won't trip to Mapuri Lane. Ah yes. Let's think of it that way. What do you think so far? Did it go well? Yeah, it did, but the thing is, I don't know. It happens. I mean, I didn't expect this I didn't expect it so suddenly and I didn't have time to do a performance check on myself. Performance check on yourself? I mean that's the fun of it. You're not supposed to expect it happening. Yeah. Should have pretended to be more sad to be honest. Yeah you guys were laughing. That was when Breaking the game wall. I'll go drink some water if you don't mind. Yeah, what it is? Oh, I said Arij and it's still not here. Yeah, she might have to eat or something. It's still like 8pm. Probably. Yeah, I guess. So, can you tell me the description again? Hello. Hello. I wonder if the recording picked up mom yelling. No. We didn't hear anything. The recording might help, but whatever. Okay, where were we? You were in the void. You chose North. You just took on North and you both rode for it. Okay, so I... Yeah. I feel like the recording is just us in the weird room. It's fine. It's fine. Technically, you are in the room. That girl Madeline would be so confused like what is happening? Why are these people frozen? I think you mentioned that everyone is frozen around, Latvia. Damn, he's looking really deep into this. I'm going with the As you move towards the north, you begin to flow into a different memory. A memory again that is none of yours. In this memory, you see you and Darnavir see slightly Is this one of your
Page 6

memories? You can do a history check if you want to remember, but I'm pretty sure you should. I'll just tell you what it is. You'll remember that this is the part where you... the day you first uncovered the book. Oh. Yes. Oh, God. Yeah, you guys can talk. Yeah, sorry. I'm blacked out. Wait. Oh. He's trying to process some stuff. Okay, um... Goddammit. This is... before I found the book. I'm gonna... There's gonna be the ruins nearby. The ruins? The... where I found the grimoire. And you see whales slowly begin to drift into the corner And this shadowy figure seems to be following. What? What? I don't remember anything like that. What do you do? I do. Follow them! Oh wait, the next. Is this next? Or am I? So you both decide to follow? Walk towards it. And you both keep following and following and the shadow figure that was there just disappears and you approach somewhere that Vale recognizes as the ruins. Yep. And in these ruins, luckily I have them. Oh, I am loading! Oh, this place is pretty. So, Vael appears to not be here, but there's someone else. You see this shadowy figure use some kind of technique to hide the book or make it at least somewhat visible in the ground. And you don't exactly see who they are yet they appear to go behind the wall of the rooms like somewhere here. It was not a coincidence. You were supposed to find the book and that person made sure of that. Why? As soon as you say that, you see a whale coming in the corner. Oh, I know. Probably gonna be looking around. And whale begins to will slowly paint on the ground before he picks up the book. And in this condition, like, he stays in this condition, like, for a long while. And during this time, do you wish to watch him in this condition? Or leave the memory? We're gonna continue watching. I need to know what happened. Okay. You notice that the book begins to glow and Vale begins to wake up as it's going and Vale approaches the book and as he remembers he takes it and he He reads through it. You see his eyes shining like there's sparkles in his eyes as he's like seeing things, learning things that he didn't expect to see. Check out. You're having an epiphany. Okay, let's say it was the first time finding something like this, okay? And you notice that the shadowy figure behind the wall is peeking through the cracks as he witnesses this. That's creepy as hell. Who is that? I don't know. This person seems to have these fierce red eyes. That's creepy. Is it the same shadow figure that took me? How is that possible? I thought it was the one we followed that had the glowing book. I mean they're probably connected to the book. Is it possible? Did that guy have piercing red eyes? Was it mentioned in the description? You only remember that the person had a hood on and you only saw Like below their nose. It was like pale grey skin. The black curse on their hands. Kinda like the one Wills having, but... Can we go behind the pillars and see? You can. Then, where do you want to? I do. As long as you are comfortable with this. I need to find out what happened. So you begin to approach this shadowy figure and you feel a chill down your spine again. Like goosebumps begin to erupt and this and the sensation of horror just fills in and the person that was there who you would never think looks at you for a moment. You don't see anything except their eyes. Everything up here is black. And both of you feel scared. The memory goes away. Wait! No! But...we...but like... We didn't get anything useful other than... What is going on? You guys can say more? Yeah, I'm flabbergasted a bit. I don't like feeling scared. It's not what I am. So those masked figures are connected to both of our masks. Who left this fucking prim? Why do I have it? Why me? What did I do to deserve all of this? Do you have any memory of your parents? I don't know if I'm overstepping but like... Do you remember anything about them? I don't remember anything about my father. He was never present in my life. My mother was there but not really there. But she was, you know, a human. I don't know about my father at all. She never told me anything about him. Do you think my father's behind us? Or involved in some way? No, but like, you know, since we don't know if- Oh, okay, I'm- It's a possibility. I don't want to assume that he's dead or anything, but what if he... if he's alive then... I don't know. He could be... If he's alive, why... why not show up? Why... why... okay. But then again, I don't even know about my family. If they're still alive or not. We don't know anything useful, I don't feel like. Yeah. So... Are we back in the void? Yes, you are. We need to... We need to get out of here. I don't know how, I guess we have no other choice but to keep walking. Yes, DM. Where do you wish to go? Do your magic! Do your magic, DM! Where do you wish to go? Which direction? Let's go, let's go waste this time. Waste it is, okay. Okay. and do another 1d6. I'm not gonna tell you why we're doing that but yeah. Oh damn! Don't ignore mine. We don't know that. Okay, just give me two more minutes. This would be such a fucking ballsy thing that if it's just Wael's dad that's part of this as well. I need to reread it. Yeah. I haven't looked at it in a while. Hold on. You guys can do that in the meantime. Yeah, I'm actually gonna. What did I write for you, my boy? Yeah, okay. What did you pull out? This might be interesting. Oh, okay. Oh no. Uh oh. Uh oh. Uh oh. You know it's cold. One second. Okay.
Page 7

Okay, oh my god. I keep saying okay and you guys are gonna think it's happening. Okay, so this is what's gonna happen. You walk west, however, you feel this gravitational pull, Darnavir, towards the opposite direction. As you begin to be distanced from Vale and pulled... Hold on! Hold on. Yes. Try to grab her. Oh damn, sorry. Yes, do a strength check. Oh fuck you. Yeah, we are fucked. That's the worst check I can do. Oh okay. Yeah, I want to slow you. Unfortunately, unfortunately for both of you, Vaila, you end up in a different memory and Dernavia, you end up in a different memory. Oh, shit. So, we did split up at the end. Fuck. Both of you cannot talk to each other anymore and have to go at this a lot. I mean, you'll just have to pretend you didn't hear any of it, your character at least. Okay, okay. Okay, so... Will? Are you there? Hello? And no answer. As you say that, you begin to hear the same fire as before. Oh no. Oh no. Not again. But this one is a different one. This one... haunts you more than the last. Wonderful. Is it the devil? It appears to be the town. Oh my god. Yes. This is falling spider. And you hear the screams of a certain someone. Tirana? and your body is pushed inside the tavern, like the memory pushes you in so you see what's happening. And you know that you see Serrano's brother sacrifice his life and die. And Serrano is crying. And she looks at you. I try to close my ears. I don't want to hear it anymore. and I repeatedly tell myself that it is my fault. Do a constitution save. Oh no. Oh shit. Yeah, I'm fucked. Your ears feel the vibrations. Your skull feels the vibrations. Your eyes want to pop out of your skull. and this feeling like pushes you to your knees. Please make it stop! And this is the part where I'll just go over to Vail's. Okay. Okay. Don't know where the fuck are you? Yeah. And Vail... Will you end up somewhere that you hope will answer your questions? Hold on. Okay, so in front of you is... Anyways... One second. What is happening? I'm scared. It was supposed to be something else. I was... I opened something else. I took like 5 psychic damage. Just because. Just because. Just because. Oh no. Oh my god, where is Ignorance? Are you changing the map? Yeah. So you appear somewhere that is... Magical Nord. Okay. Where the fuck is there? There we go. You're scaring me! Okay, now you're Lorden. Okay, it's Lorden. Oh, what the fuck? Yes. What is this? This is a skull of a bit of what appears to be a stag. Its antlers are broken and it's raining. You notice someone, a cloaked figure is approaching this skull and you look at the skull you notice there is someone else sitting there. You can't make out what it is like who they are and what they look like you can't make it out. What big? Fuck what the hell am I supposed to do? That's a good question. Am I hidden somewhere? Like am I hiding? No, you are like somewhere here. Oh. And the cloaked figure is here and the person sitting is here. I wanna try to get a little closer without being noticed. Okay. You... I feel the same chills as this cloak figure is walking towards the person sitting. The way this person is sitting is quite notorious, quite like someone who might have a massive ego. Someone that is probably the leader of these people. leader of the cult. And as you move more closely, you notice this person has... like this person is not wearing a cloak, they're like... half of their body is visible, like the other half, their legs is covered with Black trousers and a leather jacket wrapped around the waist. Are they shirtless? Yes, they are. They're wearing a necklace. And this person has the same antlers as someone you know. No. What the f*** is going on? They appear to have red skin, like red red skin and their eyes also glow red with the tint of orange. That's totally not terrifying. As the rain falls on them, it evaporates. Ah. That's so fucking creepy, I'm not gonna lie. Okay. I'm gonna keep quiet, I'm not talking at all, but I want to keep moving closer to see what they're doing or if they're like saying something or not. As the person approaches, The Antler person. You hear that they're talking in a comic. Do you understand? Yes. And they say that the deed is Dunmaster, that the person that walked towards the Antler person... The cloak guy. Yeah, the cloak guy says, the deed is Dunmaster. Stag shall soon rise again. And the person with the antlers says nothing. They have their like, they sit as if they're sitting on a throne. One of their legs is They went over close to their chest and they have their hand on their knee and the fist on their face. Wait, that's the way I was sitting right now. You can think of it as mighty. Yeah, okay. Yeah, so he nods. and the person in the cloak bows and the memory fades. Oh fuck wait I wanted to get a closer look on the cloak. Yes. And you notice that Dernavere is like in the void but they look terrified. There's tears coming out of their eyes and they are like Yeah, basically, they're in a very bad condition. I'm not in my right mind. I'm just talking repeatedly, muttering to myself, make it stop, make it stop. Wait, okay, hold on. I'm not going at this part. I panic and go to them. Dunnavir, try to snap them out of it. I would like you to do a performance check. Why do I keep rolling at 7? Okay, nothing happens and Dernivir's muttering goes louder and louder. Oh no, hold on. I give her an illusion of pretty cats. You make an illusion? Yes. Anything to pull her out of
Page 8

this. Renavir is like their hands are covering their eyes. Oh no. Can I pull them away? What more can we do? Yeah, I've tried to pull her hands away for her eyes. Oh, their eyes got damaged. Okay. Okay. You notice that the grip that the hands have on their faces is astronomical. It's like you try to like lift it out. It's just so hard. It's like so attached. Okay, what is it? Maybe to succeed you'd have to do a stretch. Fuck you. Fuck you. You are doing this on purpose. Okay. Okay. You are able to I should have just died in the lake No, no, hold on. What the fuck am I supposed to do? Give her- Wait, okay, wait. Can the illusion work? Can I just give them pretty illusions? You're not sure if they can see them or not. Can I try it? Am I supposed to do a check? You... Cannot, cause you are... Because you lost the constitution. Oh, constitution. Oh my god. Can we have an item or anything? Can I do something? You have time to think. I don't like the way you said that. I'm just saying, in real life, you don't have to... I'll let you decide what you want to do. How exactly do you do it? Like I have my- I like I grip their arm and try to- like just to like- not to hurt them, just a tiny bit of frost or something to give them like a chill out of it. Unfortunately, as you do that, nothing happens. Fuck you. It's as if they're not- it's as if they're not there. There. I don't know. God damn it. It is all my fault. No, come on. There has to be something I can do. I'm not gonna slap them. That's not the... I had a thought and that thought isn't very nice. As you're thinking, around the corner you see a cloud in the void. This cloud shows you an image An image in motion of the cloaked person. What the fuck? The cloaked person? Perhaps this road might lead you to find who this person is. I'm not leaving Dunavir behind. And as you think about that, the cloud disappears. I'm not leaving the underwear behind. That's our fucking character. You should have just left me. No. We'll find answers one way or another. I'm talking to myself and it's as if I'm saying it to you. Yeah, this is gonna be a talking to our EMTs. Yeah, we'll find answers one way or another. But I'm essentially leaving the underwear behind, okay? What have you not tried? What have I not tried? What can I do? What for what? Where is the next one you need help? I'm just like muttering random things to myself and I'm like I'm sorry I wish I could I am put on the f**king spot. Hold on. I am panicking. Yeah, this is like the worst person to do this. Didn't react through the frost, didn't. I forgot the person though, Nwale liked. Serana. No, not in the past, like a recent NPC that you've been trying to fuck. Oh, okay. Okay, I mean... Minerva? Oh yeah, Minerva! I can... Look, can they hear me or not? You can try. Can I turn my... Can I shift my voice to sound like Minerva? As I can... You'd have to do a persuasion check. No, performance check. I can try. Can the dice be in my favor? Okay! Extremely! Okay! What am I supposed to say? What do you say? That's a good guy. Come back to me! Okay. What do I say? Hold on. That's me buffering one second. Come back to me, don't listen to them. We need to keep moving. Dunavir, in your sadness and sorrow and despair, the hands that were covering your face while you were crying, they began to fall down and in front of you is a cloud And in this cloud, it's a veil calling to you in the void. Yes. Like you can see the motion image of a veil calling to you. Trying to get them out. Is he trying to do a Minerva voice? Yes. I just sound like a Minerva. Why do you sound like Minerva? Okay, it's working. Can you wake up? Okay, I would like you to do another constitution sale. Oh my god, please. This is the most embarrassing thing I've done. Oh my god! Unfortunately, the crowd in front of you begins to fade. No, come on! Not my constitution, no! Okay, I know that's how WTF I was supposed to do. But, because of your performance, Will, you notice that... You realize that Dernavier can hear you now. Oh yeah, that's true. Do a persuasion check So, turn over here, you feel as though your strength is coming back and the cloud in front of you blinks and tries to open again. You must do another constitution save. Oh my god. Please. Please. Oh my god. I need to I need to break out of my sadness. As you see this cloud, what do you do? You feel yourself feeling slightly better again and you feel like you can lift up. What do you do? I need to get out of here. Okay, what do you do? I go towards the cloud. And as you reach for the cloud, you go into a hug with Vail. Oh, aww. I hold him. Okay. You know- Vail? Is that- is that you? Yeah. WTF, are you okay? I... I am just, you know, whispers from the past. Yeah, okay. We don't have to talk about it if you don't want- Are you okay now? Yeah, I feel so much better. Thank you. Thank you for helping me. You didn't have to. You could have just left. No. We were part of the same party. I couldn't have left you behind. And I just- I don't know what to say. I'm just- We can search for a while. Should we... Should we... I think we should get out of here. Yeah. And as you say that, you notice there's a blip in the void. This white fragment is there and it begins to increase in size and through it comes a floating spirit. of someone you love. This is Nyxed. Nyxed! Nyxed to the rescue. Nyxed floats around in a circular motion creating a white portal. Oh my god. Thank god. Nyxed. Go... Hold on. I'll be right back. Oh my god!
Page 9

It works, you know what works? I'm a bit emotional, goddammit. You guys be panicking, you asshole. That's the point. I'm not gonna tell you that. That's fair. I still don't regret it. That was fun. Yes. Do you know me? I had fun both of you. And we got lowered out of our sword works and go get some water. I have it. What is this? I will eat it. I have to eat some samosa and it is too late. Hello? Yeah, I had people in the room. I didn't want to ruin the moment with them talking in the background. Yeah. It's okay, it's okay. Okay. Okay. So, now that you're here, I'm saying that the white portal emerges as Nyx, like, spins around in the search. Yeah. And... And you go in and you return as though nothing happened. But you have your memories and time unfreezes before you are. So we are back to where we were before? Yes. That was the third episode. God. Damn. I didn't even get the chance to tell Dunne where everything was on. I thought that I was in the right state. Yeah, I didn't realize you'd get out that quickly. So you guys have four I assume? Yes. Stop the recording. Damn
Page 10

